Form – I 
(Rule – 8) 
Delimitation of wards in Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation 
PRELIMINARY NOTIFICATION 
 
Rc.No.00165/2026/TP Section /G1/G2    Dt. 17-05-2026. 
 In pursuance of the provision of Rule 8 of the Andhra Pradesh Municipal 
Corporation (Delimitation of Wards) Rules, 1996 issued by the Government in 
G.O.Ms.No.570, dated 06.11.1996 and subsequent amendments, the residents of 
Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation informed that the area of the Greater 
Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation has been divided into 120 wards as per the 
boundary description detailed hereunder. 
 The residents of Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation area 
requested to file suggestions or objections, if any, to the Commissioner, Greater 
Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation within 7 days of the date of publication of 
this notification. 
Ward 
No. 
Boundary Description 
1 East:The starting point of the ward specifically KondapetaColonybegins at 
the Gudivada Bridge in the northEast, extends along the Gosthani River 
along up to the northEastern boundary of the Vasantha Vihara Layout, then 
turns southern side along municipal boundary  of Srinagar Colony up to the 
southEastern limit of Survey No. 74 of Chittivalasa village. 
South: Commencing from the aforementioned junction, proceeding along 
the southern Municipal  boundary of Survey Nos. 74 and 73 of Chittivalasa 
village up to the Subhibhava boundary/Bogu Road Junction; thereafter, 
turning northern side along the Bheemili-Tagarapuvalasa Road; from 
Ambedkar Junction, proceeding southern side along Rajaveedhi Road up to 
Gandhi Statue Junction; and subsequently, continuing southern side upto 
National Highway No. 16. 
West:Commencing from the afore-mentioned junction, proceeding northern 
side along National Highway 16 up to the northwestern boundary of Survey 
No. 1, Tagarapuvalasa (the Gosthani River). 
North:Starting from the junction mentioned above, proceeding Eastern side 
along the Gosthani River up to Kondapeta Colony, and extending to the 
Eastern starting point of the ward. 
2 East:Commencing at the southEastern boundary of the 
ChittivalasaPeddacheruvu (Large Tank), proceeding westward along the 
southern boundaries of Survey Nos. 57 and 50 upto the Nammivanipeta 
Road; thereafter, proceeding southward along the Nammivanipeta Road 
upto the southwestern boundary; subsequently, proceeding Eastward along 
the southern boundary of Chittivalasa Survey No. 63 upto the 
northEasterncornerofSangivalasa Village Survey No. 84; thereafter, 
proceeding southward along the Eastern boundary of Sangivalasa Village 
Survey No. 84, the northern and Eastern boundaries of Survey No. 87, the 
Eastern boundary of Survey No. 97, and the western boundary of LP No. 
45/2016 upto the Nammivanipeta Road; finally, proceeding Eastward upto 
the Dekkatipalem Junction. 
South:From Dekkatipalem Junction, proceeding in a western direction along 
Mamidipalem Road and Kummaripalem Road, up to the municipal 
boundary. 
West :From the aforementioned junction, proceeding northern side along 
the road up to the northwestern edge of the dumping yard; thereafter, 
turning west ward along the municipal boundary specifically passing over 
the Pasi variBallalu and Pasi variFieldsup to Valandapeta (NH-16); 
subsequently, turning northern side along the western municipal boundary 
up to the northwestern municipal boundary of Survey No. 16, 
Tagarapuvalasa. 
North :Commencing from the aforementioned junction, proceeding along 
the Gosthani River up to NH-16; thereafter, moving in a southern direction 
upto the Ramannapeta Junction; subsequently, passing via the Gandhi 
Statue Junction and proceeding Eastward up to the Rajaveedhi Road 
Junction; from there, moving in a northern direction upto the Ambedkar 
Junction via the Tagarapuvalasa-Bheemili Road, extending to the 
southEastern boundary of the Chittivalasa Tank; returning along the 
Tagarapuvalasa-Bheemili Road upto the Jeerupeta Road Junction; thereafter, 
turning Eastern side and proceeding along the southern boundary of the 
Sukhibhava Layout upto the Eastern boundary of Survey No. 74 of 
Chittivalasa Village, the starting point of the ward. 
3 East:The starting point of the Ward begins at the northEastern municipal 
boundary of Survey No. 75 of Chittivalasa Village; it proceeds along the 
Eastern boundary of Chittivalasa Village upto the southEastern corner of 
Survey No. 8. Subsequently, it turns western side towards the Bheemili-
Tagarapuvalasa Road; then, turning northern side along the Bheemili-
Tagarapuvalasa Road, it reaches the Gully Road. Next, turning southward 
Eastern municipal boundary through Rayapalem and Rajalingupeta, it 
extends up to the Dekkatipalem Road. Thereafter, turning Eastern side 
along the DekkatipalemRoadpassing through Bank Colony, 
Tagarapuvalasa, and the Bheemili Road it reaches the Aishwarya 
Venkateswara Swamy Temple. Finally, turning northern side along the 
Gosthani River, Bay of Bengal  upto Light House. 
South :    Commencing from the Lighthouse, proceeding along Beach Road 
towards Bheemili Bus Stand; thereafter, heading in the direction of Pamara 
upto the northwestern corner of the Commissioner's Bungalow; 
subsequently, moving southern upperside to the southEast corner of the 
Appikonda Secretariat Street; thereafter, proceeding western side along 
Nehru Street upto Bank Road; and finally, extending across Pavurala Konda 
upto the boundary of the southwestern sector, along the Kummaripalem 
and Sangivalasa village boundary. 
West :  Commencing from the aforementioned junction, along the western 
municipal boundary  passing via Shalom Degree Collegeupto the junction of 
the Dumping Yard and Kummaripalem Road; subsequently, in an Eastern 
side along Kummaripalem Road and Mamidipalli Road upto the 
Dekatipalem junction; thereafter, in a westerly direction along 
Nammivanipalem Road up to the southwestern boundary of LP No. 
45/2016; subsequently, in a northern direction upto the northEastern 
boundary of Sangivalasa Survey No. 84; thereafter, upto the southwestern 
boundary of Survey No. 63; and finally, in a northern side along 
Nammivanipeta Road up to the southwestern boundary of Chittivalasa, 
Survey No.50. 
North :Commencing from the aforementioned junction, the boundary 
proceeds along the southern edge of Survey No. 50 of Chittivalasa village, 
extending up to the southEastern boundary of Pedda Cheruvu. 
Subsequently, moving in a southern direction along the Tagarapuvalasa–
Bheemili road, it reaches the Boggu Road–Jeerupeta junction. Thereafter, 
proceeding in an Eastern direction along the northEastern boundary of 
Survey No. 75 of Chittivalasa, it connects back to the starting point of the 
ward. 
4 East:The starting point of the wardspecifically at the Lighthouse extending 
along the Bay of Bengal  toward the coastline on the southern side, up to the 
road junction located at INS Kalinga. 
South :Commencing from the aforementioned junction, proceeding along 
NidigattuRoad, and subsequently extending western up side to the 
southwestern boundary of Nidigattu Survey No. 13. 
West :Commencing from the aforementioned junction, extending in a 
northern direction along the Municipal boundary, up to the northwestern 
boundary of Kothavalasa Village Survey No. 1. 
North :Starting from the aforementioned junction, proceeding Eastward 
along the northern municipal  boundary and specifically along the 
southernboundaries of Sangivalasa and Kummaripalem villages (i.e., across 
Pavurala Konda)up to Bank Road; thereafter, continuing along Nehru Street 
up to the Appikonda Street Secretariat; subsequently, heading northward 
up to the Commissioner's Quarters; then proceeding Eastward up to the Bus 
Stop; and finally, continuing along Bay of Bengal up to the Lighthouse. 
5 East:The ward begins at its starting pointspecifically the INS Kalinga Road 
Junctionand proceeds southward along Bay of Bengal, following the 
boundary of the village yards situated towards the coastline (passing 
through Chepaluppada and K. Nagarapalem), extending up to Survey No. 
350 of Kapuluppadavillage in the southEast direction. 
South :Commencing from the aforementioned junction and proceeding in a 
western direction along the southern boundary of Kapuluppada village, 
extending up to the southwestern corner boundary of Survey No. 356 of 
Kapuluppada. 
West:Commencing from the aforementioned junction, proceeding 
northward’s along the western Municipal boundary of Kapuluppada 
village, then heading towardsEast along the northern boundary of 
Kapuluppada village, up to the southwest corner of Survey No. 13 of 
Nidigattu village. 
North: Starting from the aforementioned junction, it proceeds Eastward 
along the southern boundary of Nidigattu village up to Nerellavalasa 
village; subsequently, moving southward along the Nidigattu Road, it meets 
the starting point of the ward at the INS Kalinga along Bay of Bengal. 
6 East : Starting from North East corner at D.No.2-86, S.K Big star Pvt.Ltd in 
Sy.No.7 of Paradesipalem Village passing through the Sy.No.8,21, 
42,43,44,45,46,47,49,60,61,62,63 of Paradesipalem(V) up to Kapuluppada 
dumping yard road from then leading towards National Highway in west 
direction upto Dumping yard road junction along the NH-16 proceed 
towards southwards Marikavalasajunction., Kommadi junction., 
Madhurawada junction., up to Sai priya layout 100'-00" road.   
 
South: Starting from the NH-16 connecting Sai priya layout 100'-00" road 
leading towards TIDCO houses along the PM Palem last bus stop, then 
along the Housing Board Colony Road towards the Kambalakonda up to 
Sambuvanipalem village boundary. 
 
West: Starting from the above junction point and turns towards north runs 
along GVMC boundary i.e, Kambalakonda reserve forest to meet north west 
corner of Madhurawada Zone, GVMC limits. 
 
North: Starting from the above junction point proceeds  Boyapalem village 
boundary towards East Side  Boyapalem junction connecting to NH-16 up to 
North East corner at D.No.2-86, (S.K Big star Pvt. Ltd) of Sy.No 7 of 
Paradesipalem Village.                                                                                                       
7 East : Starting from North East corner at Dumping Yard road through 
Sy.No.178 of Paradesipalem revenue village in south direction through PP-II 
colony, Gayatri Medical College, and then turn towards Eastern Side YSR 
Colony leading to Sy.No.78 of Madhurawada (V), Shivashakthinagar.      
 
 
South: Starting from the above junction point proceeds towards west Sri 
Lakshmi nagar and then, in south direction towards Ayodhya nagar water 
tank then turns west direction through Sy.No 56 of Madhurawada (V) and 
then turns towards South along Nagarampalem Gedda to  Nagarampalem 
Road and then turn towards North Swatantranagar 60’-0” road road and 
bottavanipalem road and turn western side to meet the NH-16. 
 
West:Starting from the above junction point through NH-16 towards North 
and proceeds towards junctions of kommadi,Marikavalasaupto Dumping 
yard road Junction. 
 
North: Starting from the above junction point proceeds towards East of 
dumping yard road. 
8 East: Starting from north-East corner at Sy No 341/2P,341/3P of 
Madhurawada Village along the Bay of Bengal Sea Coast towards south 
upto road connecting to IT Sez circle Beach Road. 
 
South: Starting from the above junction point  proceeds towards west along 
Sunny Isles, Adithya Ocean Heights and turn towards north along Hill 
number-02 uptoinfosys junction and then turn towards west  along Hill-03 
junction upto IT Sez road and then turns south along Midhilapuri colony 
100 feet road, Altius heights uptoVikalangula colony and then turn towards 
west Gedda up to Aditya towers and then trun towards North RTC Depot 
road and then turns towards East side along Layout Road and then turn 
towards along Moogadharamma Temple road upto RTC colony and turn 
south VUDA layout road through Mallayyapalem village to Nagarampalem 
80'-00" road. From then turn South passing through Vambay colony Gedda 
connecting to 60'-00" road through Bharathnagar, Burial ground connecting 
to NGGOS colony road and then turn west along Durganagar road upto 
NH-16 highway. 
 
West: Starting from the above junction point proceeds towards north 
direction along NH-16, Chandrampalem, Madhurawada, APEPDCL office 
and up to ShivaSakthi nagar 60'-00" road.    
 
North:Starting from the above junction point proceeds towards East 
direction ShivaSakthi nagar 60'-00" road and turn south along 
Bottavanipalem road and Swatantranagar 60’-00” road connecting to 
Nagarampalem 80'-00" road and then turn north along Nagarampalem 
Gedda along Sy.No 56 of Madhurawada village, Ayodhya nagar water tank 
and then turn north along 40'-00" road uptoShivashakthinagar road passing 
through the Sri Laxmi Nagar  road in East direction and then turns north 
through Gedda and runs along GVMC Zone limits (Sy No 341/2P,341/3P of 
Madhurawada Village) Bay of Bengal Sea Coast. 
 
9 East :Starting from the north-East corner of Hill No:3 Iconica City 80 feet 
road to Sri Bhuneela Sametha Venkateswara Swamy Temple. From there, 
turn south at Sky Lounge and continue towards the revenue layout road. 
South: From the above point, runs towards west from Survey No. 296 
Madhurawada village, from there Dharmapuri Colony Road to NH 16 
Road.  
West: From the above point, runs towards northern side Durganagar   40’-0” 
Road junction and then runs Eastwards along the 40 feet road to Durga 
Nagar, from there along the NGGOS Colony Road, to the cemetery, Bharat 
Nagar, from there along the 60 feet road, and then northwards along the 
vambay Colony road to Nagarampalem Road. 
 
North: From the above point, the route runs along Mallayyapalem Village 
Road, then continues along the Layout Road towards the south, passing 
through RTC Colony Road and Mogadharamma Temple Road. From there, 
it proceeds along the Layout Road towards the west, and then follows RTC 
Depot Road towards the south. Next, it travels along the Gedda beside 
Aditya Towers up to Midhilapuri 100 Feet Road. From this point, the route 
turns northwards towards Altius villas, continues along Midhilapuri Road 
to IT Junction, and finally extends Eastwards up to Hill No:3  Iconic City 
Villas 80 Feet Road. 
10 East :: Starting from north-East corner IT Sez junction towards south along 
60'-00" road through Aditya ocean heights up to Sunny Isles Villas road to 
meet 100'-00" road Junction.   
 
South: Starting from the above junction point proceeds towards Western 
side through Panorama Hills, along law college road to meet Yendada 
GVMC water Supply office at NH-16 and proceeds towards south along the 
Yendadajunction., Zoo park and then turns towards west to meet 
kambalakonda Reserve forest up to Zone boundary.  
 
West: Starting from the above junction point proceeds towards west side 
along the kambalakonda reserve forest runs along GVMC boundary to meet 
north west corner of GVMC limits.   
North: Starting from the above junction point, the route proceeds towards 
Kambalakonda along Housing Board Colony road to PM Palem Last Bus 
stop Junction and  then turns towards North TIDCO houses, continue 
towards East along Sai Priya 100 Feet Road to meet NH-16. From there 
along with NH-16 proceeds towards East along Dharmapuri colony Road, 
passing through Survey No 296 of Madhurawada Village, Sky lounge 
Apartments, and Hill No. 3, Sri Boonila Sametha Sri Venkateswara Swamy 
Temple, then follows Iconic City 80 Feet Road. From this point, it proceeds 
along IT SEZ Road into  IT Sez Junction. 
11 East : Starting from North East corner IT Sez circle beach road proceeds 
through Bay of Bengal Sea coast along  Peddarushikonda, Chinarushikonda, 
Sagarnagar up to visakhavalley road. 
 
South: Starting from the above junction point proceeds towards Western 
side to meet NH-16 Visakhavalley junction. 
 
West: Starting from the above junction point proceeds towards Northern 
side along through zoo park, Yendadaupto NH-16 Law college road 
junction. 
North:  Starting from the above junction point proceeds towards Eastern 
side  along through panorama hills, Peddarushikonda up to beach road IT 
SEZ circle, Bay of Bengal Sea Coast. 
12 
 
East :Starting from  the coast of the Bay of Bengal located at the northEast 
corner near the junction of Visakha Valley School Road and Beach Road, 
and proceeding southward along the coastline through Seethakonda coast, 
JodugullaPalem coast, and Tenneti Park coast, up to the boundary of Survey 
No. 150 of Chinagadili village. 
South : Starting from the above junction point and turning towards the west 
along the boundary of Chinnagadili Village Survey No. 150 over Kailasagiri 
hill, passing through VMRDA Buddha Vanam and the walkway up to the 
NH-16 near Kailasagiri foot over Bridge. 
West : Starting from the above junction point and turning towards the north 
along NH-16 via the NH-16 Dairy Farm Junction up to the entrance arch of 
Indira Gandhi Nagar, then turning towards the west up to Door No. 2-89, 
thereafter turning towards the north up to Door No. 2-7/3 (Sri Rama 
Lakshmi Residency), then turning towards the west through the lane up to 
Damodara Residency, thereafter turning towards the north up to Door No. 
2-220/2, and then turning towards the west via Door No. 2-222 up to the 
Kambalakonda Eco Park Junction. 
North : Starting from the above junction point and proceeding towards the 
East from Kambalakonda Eco Park through the boundary of Chinnagadili 
Village Survey No. 114 up to the NH-16 Junction, thereafter turning towards 
the South, along NH-16 up to the Visakha Valley School NH-16 Junction, 
thereafter turning towards the East through Visakha Valley School Road 
crossing the Beach Road and reaching the starting point at the shore of the 
Bay of Bengal at the north-Eastern corner, thus completing the boundary. 
13 
 
East : Starting from Kambalakonda Eco Park at the north-Eastern corner and 
proceeding southwards up to Indira Gandhi Nagar Door No. 2-222; 
thereafter turning Eastwards up to Door No. 2-220/2, then proceeding 
southwards up to Damodara Residency; thereafter turning Eastwards 
through the lane up to Door No. 2-7/3 (Sri Rama Lakshmi Residency), then 
proceeding southwards up to Door No. 2-89; thereafter turning Eastwards 
through the Indira Gandhi Nagar Arch up to the NH-16 Junction, and then 
proceeding southwards along NH-16 via the Old Dairy Farm Junction up to 
Hanumanthavaka Junction. 
South : Starting from the above junction point and proceeding westwards 
along the BRTS Road up to Pedagadili Junction. 
West : Starting from the above junction point and proceeding northwards 
along the Pedagadili Road and further along Thotagaruvu Road up to the 
Thotagaruvu Junction near Arava Lakshmi Function Hall; thereafter turning 
Eastwards along Ravindranagar Road up to the last lane of Ravindranagar 
Road, and then proceeding northwards up to the boundary of 
KambalakondaChinagadili Village Survey No. 114. 
North : Starting from the above junction point and proceeding Eastwards 
along the northern boundary of Chinagadili Village Survey No. 114 and 
reaching the starting point at Kambalakonda Eco Park, thus closing the 
boundary. 
14 
 
East : Starting from the northEast corner of the Kambalakonda junction 
point at the end road of Ravindranagar, proceeding southward along the 
last lane of Ravindranagar, joining the main road at the Ravindranagar last 
bus stop; then turning west up to Thotagaruvu Junction 
South :  Starting from the above junction point, proceeding westward along 
the Balaji Nagar road, passing via Durgalamma Temple, up to Ambedkar 
Junction. 
 West : From the above junction point, turning northward through 
Ambedkar Nagar and S.T. Colony, up to the northern boundary of 
Chinagadili village Survey No. 37 at Kambalakonda Junction 
North : From the above junction point, turning East along the northern 
boundary of Chinagadili village Survey No. 37 along Kambalakonda, and 
finally reaching the starting point at the Kambalakonda junction at the end 
road of Ravindranagar, thus completing the boundary. 
15 
 
East : Starting from the northEast corner of Kambalakonda Junction at S.T. 
Colony, proceeding southward up to Ambedkar Junction; then turning East 
along the Balaji Nagar road up to Thotagaruvu Junction; then turning south 
again along the Pedagadili road up to the Pedagadili BRTS road junction 
South :  Starting from the above junction, turning westward and proceeding 
along the BRTS road up to the junction of the 60-feet road leading to Arilova 
Last Bus Stop. 
 West :  Starting from the above junction point, proceeding along the 60-feet 
road leading to Arilova Last Bus Stop up to Shivaji Nagar junction; then 
turning East along the Srikant Nagar 60-feet road up to Lakshmi Nagar 
Gedda junction; then proceeding northward along Lakshmi Nagar Gedda, 
via Kanaka Durga Nagar Gedda, passing through Arilova bus road junction 
up to Yerra Durga Nagar, Kambalakonda Junction. 
North :From the above junction point, turning East and proceeding along 
the northern boundary of Chinagadili village Survey No. 01, and finally 
reaching the starting point at Kambalakonda Junction (S.T. Colony), thus 
completing the boundary. 
16 
 
East : Starting from the northEast corner of Yerra Durga Nagar at 
Kambalakonda Junction, proceeding southward along the gedda of Kanaka 
Durga Nagar, passing through the Arilova bus road junction, then along the 
Lakshmi Nagar gedda up to the Srikant Nagar 60-feet road junction; then 
turning west along the Srikant Nagar 60-feet road up to Shivaji Nagar 
junction (40 square yards); then turning south again along the 100-feet road 
up to the BRTS road junction; crossing the BRTS road and proceeding along 
the boundary of Deendayalapuram Mandal Parishad Primary School up to 
the forest area at Simhachalam Hill, reaching the Adavivaram Survey No. 
275 junction point. 
South :  Starting from the above junction point, proceeding westward along 
the survey  boundary  of  Simhachalam  Hill   (Survey No. 275),  passing 
through  its  middle  portion, up  to  the Mudasaralova village junction  
point at Survey No. 01 (located at the southwest corner of Darapalem  
village). 
 West :   Starting  from  the  above junction point, from Adavivaram Survey 
No. 275  junction   point,  proceeding  along  the  boundary  of  Darapalem 
village up to  the  BRTS  road;   then  turning north ward, crossing the  BRTS  
road  and continuing  along  Kambalakonda up to the junction point of the 
municipal limits and the boundary of Mudasaralova village Survey No. 01 
and Adavivaram village. 
North : From the above junction, it turns Eastward along the boundary of 
Mudasarlova and Adivivaram villages, and continues along the municipal 
boundary up to the starting point at ArilovaYerni Durga Nagar Kambalakonda 
Junction, where it terminates. 
 
17 
 
East : Starting from the northEast corner of Hanumanthavaka Junction, 
proceeding along NH-16 up to Simhachalam Hill at Adavivaram Survey No. 
275. 
South : Starting from the above junction, turning westward and proceeding 
along Simhachalam Hill via Adavivaram Survey No. 275, up to the junction 
at Simhachalam Hill along the western boundary of the Zilla Parishad 
Primary School in Deendayalapuram village. 
West : From the above junction point, proceeding northward along the 
western boundary of the Mandal Parishad Primary School in 
Deendayalapuram village, up to the BRTS 200-feet road junction 
 North :From the above junction point, turning Eastward along the BRTS 
200-feet road, passing through Chinagadili Junction and Pedagadili 
Junction, and finally reaching the starting point at NH-16 Hanumanthawaka 
Junction, thus completing the boundary. 
18 
 
East: Starting from NH-16 at Survey No. 275, Adavivaram near 
Simhachalam Hill at the northEast corner, the boundary runs southwards 
along NH-16 up to the Krishna Mandiram at Venkojipalem. 
South : Starting from the end point of the above Eastern boundary, the 
boundary turns towards the west and extends up to Sheshadri Enclave 
Apartment and Vidhya Royal Palms Apartment, and further proceeds 
westwards up to the GVMC Primary School. From there, it turns towards 
the north and continues along the HB Colony Main Road up to Sri Uma 
Maheshwari Enterprises (Secretariat). It then proceeds westwards up to the 
HB Colony Last Bus Stop, and from there turns southwards up to Krishna 
College Road. Thereafter, it continues westwards along Bhanu Nagar Road 
and extends from Bible Mission Saint Devadas Church and HB Colony Main 
Road up to the A.S.R. Statue.  
West : From the end point of the above southern boundary, the line turns 
north and continues along Seethammadhara Main Road up to Survey No. 
275, Adavivaram near Simhachalam Hill. 
North : From the end point of the above western boundary, the line passes 
through Survey No. 275, Adavivaram and terminates at the northEast 
corner. 
19 
 
East : Starting from Bible Mission Church at the northEast corner, the 
boundary runs southwards up to the KRM Colony Ration Depot. Then it 
turns East and reaches Door No. 53-33-45. From there it goes north up to 
Door No. 53-33-43, then turns East and reaches Sri Lakshmi Nilayam 
Apartments. From there it proceeds south along KRM Colony Sivalayam 
Road up to the NTR Statue. From there it goes East to reach Krishna College 
Road, then turns south again and continues up to the Automotive Junction 
on NH-16. 
South : Starting from the end point of the above Eastern boundary, the line 
turns west and follows the Maddilapalem NH-16 Road via Maddilapalem 
Depot up to Kakatiya Function Hall. 
West : Starting from the end point of the above southern boundary, the line 
turns north from Kakatiya Function Hall and follows the Chaitanya Nagar 
Gedda up to 53-26-6 (Veerabrahmendra Nivas). From there it proceeds west 
along the Gedda up to the Dumping Yard, then turns north again and 
continues up to Kalinga Function Hall. 
North : Starting from the end point of the above western boundary, the line 
turns East and proceeds along HB Colony Main Road up to Bible Mission 
Church, terminating at the northEast corner where it started. 
20 
 
East: Starting from the lane opposite MVV Presidency Apartments on HB 
Colony Main Road at the northEast corner, the boundary runs southwards 
up to GVMC Primary School and Vidhya Royal Palms Apartment. From 
there it turns East to Krishna Mandiram at Venkogipalem, then turns south 
again and continues along NH-16 up to Kanaka Durga Ammavari Temple. 
South : Starting from the end point of the above Eastern boundary, the line 
proceeds west along NH-16 up to Automotive Junction. From there it turns 
north and reaches Door No. 53-17-47, Anil Apartments. From there it 
continues west up to the NTR Statue. 
West : Starting from the end point of the above southern boundary, the line 
follows KRM Colony Sivalayam Road northwards up to Sri Lakshmi 
Nilayam Apartments. From there it goes west up to Door No. 53-33-43, then 
south to Door No. 53-33-45, then west to KRM Colony Ration Depot. Finally, 
from there it proceeds north up to Bible Mission Church at the northEast 
corner. 
North : Starting from the end point of the above western boundary, the line 
goes via Bhanu Nagar Road up to Krishna College Road. From there it 
proceeds north to HB Colony Last Bus Stop, then turns East and terminates 
at the northEast corner near MVV Presidency Apartments, Venkojipalem 
21 
 
East : Starting from the bridge over the gedda near the Shiva Temple in 
MVP Sector-6 at the north-Eastern corner and proceeding towards the 
south-East along the gedda up to the bridge near the MVP VUDA Nursery; 
from there turning towards the west up to Mahatma Gandhi Cancer 
Hospital Junction; thereafter turning towards the south along the TTD 60 
Feet Road via MVP Rythu Bazaar Circle up to Adarsh Nagar Three Roads 
Junction; from there turning towards the East up to Ushodaya Junction; and 
thereafter turning towards the south-west up to Ramalakshmi Apartment 
Junction. 
South : Starting from the last point of the above Eastern boundary and 
proceeding towards the north-west along Shivaji Park Road up to the point 
where it joins NH-16 Road. 
West : Starting from the last point of the above southern boundary and 
proceeding towards the north along NH-16 via Isukathota Junction up to the 
junction near Anjaneya Swamy Temple at Venkojipalem. 
North : Starting from the last point of the above western boundary and 
proceeding towards the north-East along NH-16 up to the Kailasagiri Foot 
Over Bridge; from there turning towards the south-East along the gedda 
situated behind North Star Apartment and behind Medicover Hospital up to 
the bridge at Anjayya Nagar; thereafter turning towards the south-west up 
to the junction near Srividya Paradise Apartment; from there turning 
towards the south and proceeding up to the point where it joins the 40 Feet 
Road leading into MVP Sector-2; thereafter turning towards the East along 
the 40 Feet Road and finally reaching the starting point at the north-Eastern 
corner, thus completing the boundary. 
22 
 
East: Starting from the Kailasagiri Ropeway Junction at the north-Eastern 
corner and proceeding towards the south-west along Beach Road up to the 
junction where it meets the MVP Colony Double Road. 
South : Starting from the last point of the above Eastern boundary and 
proceeding towards the west along the MVP Double Road up to the MVP 
Rythu Bazaar Circle. 
West: Starting from the last point of the above southern boundary and 
proceeding towards the north up to the MVP Cancer Hospital Junction; 
from there turning towards the East up to the bridge near the VUDA 
Nursery; thereafter turning again towards the north-west along the 
geddaup to the bridge near the Shiva Temple; then turning towards the 
west along the 40 Feet Road up to the road leading to Venkojipalem 
Junction; from there turning towards the north along Venkojipalem Road up 
to Srividya Paradise Apartment Junction; thereafter turning towards the 
north-East up to the bridge at Anjayya Nagar; and from there turning 
towards the north-west along the gedda up to the north-western corner of 
Anjayya Nagar. 
North: Starting from the last point of the above western boundary and 
proceeding towards the East along the MVP Health Arena route, passing 
through Buddha Vanam, and finally reaching the starting point at the 
Ropeway Junction at the north-Eastern corner, thus completing the 
boundary. 
23 
 
East: Starting from the bridge over the gedda beside Gadiraju Palace on 
Beach Road at the north-Eastern corner and proceeding towards the south 
along Beach Road up to Kurupam Circle. 
South : Starting from the last point of the above Eastern boundary and 
proceeding towards the west via Pedawaltair Junction up to Chinmayi Marg 
Junction; from there turning towards the north-East up to the point where it 
meets the road leading to Shivaji Park; thereafter turning towards the north-
west up to Ramalakshmi Apartment Junction. 
West : Starting from the last point of the above southern boundary and 
proceeding towards the north-East along the road via Ushodaya Junction up 
to the bridge over the gedda near AS Raja Ground. 
North : Starting from the last point of the above western boundary and 
proceeding towards the East along the gedda, finally reaching the starting 
point at the north-Eastern corner, thus completing the boundary. 
24 
 
East: Starting from the north-Eastern corner of Slack Line Park and 
proceeding towards the south-west along the shore of the Bay of Bengal up 
to the southern corner of All Ability Park. 
South : Starting from the last point of the above Eastern boundary and 
proceeding towards the north-west up to Beach Road; from there turning 
towards the north-East along Beach Road up to the bridge over the gedda 
beside Gadiraju Palace; thereafter turning towards the west along the gedda 
up to the bridge over the gedda near A.S. Raja Ground; from there turning 
towards the south-west up to Ushodaya Junction; and thereafter turning 
towards the west up to Adarsh Nagar Three Roads Junction. 
West : Starting from the last point of the above southern boundary and 
proceeding towards the north along the MVP TTD Road up to the MVP 
Rythu Bazaar Circle. 
North : Starting from the last point of the above western boundary and 
proceeding towards the East along the MVP Double Road via A.S. Raja 
Circle up to the point where it joins Beach Road; thereafter turning towards 
the north along Beach Road, passing along the northern boundary of Slack 
Line Park and finally reaching the starting point at the north-Eastern corner 
of Slack Line Park, thus completing the boundary. 
25 
 
East : Starting from the Kurupam Circle located at the northEastern corner, 
it proceeds southwards along Beach Road up to Park Hotel Junction. 
South : Beginning from the endpoint of the above Eastern boundary, it turns 
westwards and continues along A.U. Out Gate Road from Siripuram 
Junction to Dronam Raju Circle. 
West : Starting from the endpoint of the above southern boundary, it turns 
northwards and continues along KarakachettuPolamamba Temple Road up 
to Visakha Eye Hospital Junction. 
North : Beginning from the endpoint of the above western boundary, it 
turns Eastwards and continues via Pedda Waltair Junction, finally ending at 
the starting northEastern point at Kurupam Circle. 
26 
 
East : Starting from the PeddhaWaltair Junction situated at the north-
Eastern corner and proceeds southwards up to the KarakachettuPolamamba 
Temple Road. From there, it continues straight via the 
KarakachettuPolamamba Temple and the Three Town Police Station up to 
the AU North Campus Road Junction. 
South : Starting from theend point of the Eastern boundary, the boundary 
proceeds westwards along the AU North Campus Road up to the AU 
Olympic Ground. Thereafter, it turns northwards up to the Isaac Newton 
Hostel Road, then turns Eastwards up to the AU International Hostel. From 
there, it proceeds northwards along the AU Alumini Hostel Road up to 
Chinna Polamamba Temple Road bearing D.No.9-10-1. Thereafter, it turns 
westwards via Krishna Temple Junction Road and Rajiv Nagar Road up to 
the NTR Statue at Pithapuram Colony. From there, it turns southwards 
along Pithapuram Colony Road up to Union Bank situated at Maddilapalem 
Junction. 
West : Starting from the end point of the southern boundary, the boundary 
proceeds northwards along NH-16 up to the Shivaji Palem Main Road 
Junction. 
North : Starting from the end point of the above western boundary, the 
boundary turns towards the East and proceeds along the Shivaji Palem 
Main Road via the Ramalakshmi Apartment Junction Road up to 
Peddawaltair Junction, where it reaches the north-Eastern corner and 
concludes. 
27 
 
East : Starting from the junction of the road leading to the AU North 
Campus at the north-Eastern corner, it proceeds along 
KarakachettuPolamamba Temple Road up to Datta Island Junction. 
South :Starting from the end point of the Eastern boundary, the boundary 
proceeds westwards towards the VIP Road Junction and thereafter 
continues along Sampath Vinayaka Temple Road up to Asilametta Junction. 
West :Starting from the end point of the southern boundary, the boundary 
proceeds northwards along Rama Talkies Road up to Union Bank situated 
at Maddilapalem Junction. 
North :Starting from the end point of the above western boundary, the 
boundary turns towards the East and proceeds along Pithapuram Colony 
Road up to the NTR Statue. From there, it turns Eastwards again and 
continues through Rajiv Nagar Road and Krishna Temple Junction Road up 
to D.No. 9-10-1. From there, it turns towards the south and proceeds along 
Chinnapolamamba Temple Road via the AU International Hostel up to the 
AU Alumni Hostel. Thereafter, it turns southwards up to Isaac Newton 
Hostel Road, and further proceeds southwards up to the AU Olympic 
Ground. From there, it turns Eastwards and continues along the AU North 
Campus Road, finally reaching the north-Eastern corner and concluding 
there.  
28 
 
East : Starting from Datta Island at the north-Eastern corner and proceeding 
towards the south along Waltair Main Road up to Agarwal Hospital 
Junction. 
South : Starting from the end point of the above Eastern boundary and 
turning towards the west along Kannayya Peta Road up to Singh Hotel 
Junction. 
West : Starting from the end point of the above southern boundary and 
turning towards the north along Municipal Road, proceeding via the Old 
Central Jail Road Junction up to Asilmetta Junction. 
North : Starting from the end point of the above western boundary and 
turning towards the East along Sampath Vinayaka Temple Road up to Datta 
Island, ending at the north-Eastern corner. 
29 
 
East : Starting from the Park Hotel Junction at the north-Eastern corner, it 
proceeds southward along Beach Road up to All Ability Park, then turns 
Eastward to reach the coastline, and thereafter continues southward along 
the Bay of Bengal coast up to the Oota Gedda located behind the RK Beach 
Bus Stop. 
South : Starting from the end point of the above Eastern boundary and 
proceeding towards the west from the Swarna Ward premises along Oota 
Gedda Road up to the junction near Door No. 50-1-38; from there turning 
towards the south and reaching Nowroji Road at Pandimetta Junction; 
thereafter turning towards the west along Nowroji Road up to Lodge Viswa 
Bhavan Junction; and again proceeding towards the west up to Waltair 
Main Road at Agarwal Hospital Junction. 
West : Starting from the end point of the above southern boundary and 
proceeding towards the north along Waltair Main Road up to Dronamraju 
Circle. 
North : Starting from the end point of the above western boundary and 
proceeding towards the East along Chinna Waltair Main Road up to 
Siripuram Junction, and from there up to Park Hotel Junction, ending at the 
north-Eastern corner. 
30 East: The boundary commences at the north-Eastern corner, located at the 
confluence of Oota Gedda and the Bay of Bengal, near the Swarna wardu 
premises. From this point, the boundary proceeds southward, following the 
natural shoreline of the Bay of Bengal. It continues along the coastal stretch, 
covering all adjoining seafront areas, until it reaches Naval Canteen 
Junction, situated near the Gandhi Statue. 
South: From Naval Canteen Junction, the boundary changes direction and 
proceeds westward, running along the periphery of the Naval Quarters 
compound. It continues up to Kotha Ammavaru Arch. From this point, the 
boundary turns westward and follows Jalarupeta Road, passing notable 
landmarks including Ramalayam Temple, and continues until it intersects 
AVN College Road at the Ambedkar Statue. 
West: From the junction at AVN College Road (Ambedkar Statue), which 
forms the south-western corner, the boundary turns northward and 
proceeds along Relliveedhi Road. It continues adjacent to the King George 
Hospital (KGH) compound, extending up to Collector Office Junction. From 
there, the boundary continues further northward along Collector Office 
Road until it reaches Krishna Mandir Junction. It then proceeds along 
Gokhale Road up to its intersection with Nowroji Road. After crossing 
Nowroji Road, the boundary continues along Oota Gedda Slum Road, 
following this alignment until it reaches Oota Gedda slum D.no 15-1-31. 
North: From Oota Gedda, the boundary turns Eastward and follows the 
course of the gedda (drain/stream), moving towards the coast. It continues 
along this natural alignment until it meets the north-Eastern starting point at 
the Bay of Bengal. 
31 East : The boundary begins at the north-Eastern (NE) corner located at Oota 
Gedda slum D.no 15-1-38. From this point, it proceeds southward along the 
Oota Gedda Slum Road. It then crosses Nowroji Road and continues along 
Gokhale Road, passing through the area up to Krishna Mandir Junction. 
From there, it continues further to reach Collector Office Junction. 
South : Starting from the south-Eastern (SE) corner at Collector Office 
Junction, the boundary turns westward and proceeds along the KGH Down 
Road. It continues along this road until it meets the Town Main Road at 
Lepakshi Junction. 
West : Starting from the south-western (SW) corner at Lepakshi Junction, 
the boundary turns northward. It proceeds along the route passing through 
Jagadamba Junction and Prakasaraopeta, covering the stretch near the 
District Judge Court. 
From there, it continues along the Municipal Office Road, via Jagadamba 
Junction, up to Singh Hotel Junction’  
North : From the north-western (NW) corner at Singh Hotel Junction, the 
boundary turns Eastward and proceeds along Kannayapeta Road. It 
continues until it reaches Waltair Main Road, near Agarwal Hospital 
Junction. From this point, the boundary follows Lodge Viswabhavan Road 
to meet Nowroji Road. It then proceeds along Nowroji Road up to 
Pandhimetta Junction. From Pandhimetta Junction, the boundary turns 
northward up to a specified Door No.15-1-62. It then turns Eastward and 
follows the course of Oota Gedda, continuing along the stream/drain 
alignment until it meets the starting point at the NE corner. 
32 East : The boundary commences at the north-Eastern (NE) corner located at 
Collector Office Junction. From this point, it proceeds southward along 
Relliveedhi Road, passing through Jalaripeta Junction. 
South : From the south-Eastern (SE) corner at Jalaripeta Junction, the 
boundary turns westward and proceeds along the AVN College Down 
Road. It continues along this road until it meets the Town Main Road. 
West : From the south-western (SW) corner at the Town Main Road, the 
boundary turns northward. It proceeds along the Town Main Road, passing 
via Poorna Market and Turner Choultry, continuing further until it reaches 
KGH Down Road at Lepakshi Junction. 
North : From the north-western (NW) corner at Lepakshi Junction, the 
boundary turns Eastward and proceeds along the KGH Down Road. It 
continues along this road until it reaches back to the starting point at 
Collector Office Junction. 
33 East : The boundary commences at the north-Eastern (NE) corner located at 
Naval Canteen Junction. From this point, it proceeds southward along the 
natural seashore (Bay of Bengal coastline). It continues along the coastal 
alignment until it meets Fishing Harbour Road near a petrol bunk. 
South : Starting from the south-Eastern (SE) corner at the junction of the 
Fishing Harbour Road and petrol bunk, the boundary turns westward. It 
proceeds along Chengalrao Peta Bazaar Road (Challavari Street), passing 
through Chengalrao Peta, until it reaches Jamia Masjid Junction. 
West : Starting from the Jamia Masjid Junction, the boundary turns 
northward and proceeds along the Chengalrao Peta Main Road. It continues 
along this road until it meets the AVN College Down Road. 
North : Starting from the point on AVN College Down Road, the boundary 
turns Eastward and proceeds along the AVN College Road up to Jalaripeta 
Junction. From there, it continues along the route passing Kothammavari 
Arch and Ramalayam Temple, ultimately reaching back to starting point 
Naval Canteen Junction. 
34 East : The boundary commences at the north-Eastern (NE) corner near the 
Fishing Harbour Petrol Bunk Junction. From this point, it proceeds 
southward along the natural shoreline adjacent to the Fishing Harbour. It 
continues following the coastal alignment until it reaches Ice Factory Jetty 
Road. 
South : Starting from the south-Eastern (SE) corner at Ice Factory Jetty Road, 
the boundary turns westward and proceeds along the jetty road until it 
meets Beach Road near the Water Tank.From this point, it turns northward 
and proceeds to meet Kanchara Veedhi. It then continues along Kanchara 
Veedhi, passing via Hazrat Yaseen Baba Dargah, and extends further until it 
reaches Gosala Hospital (VGH) Jn. 
West : Starting from the south-western (SW) corner at Gosala Hospital 
(VGH)Jn, the boundary turns northward along Panja Junction Road until it 
reaches Panja Junction. 
From Panja Junction, it turns westward and continues further to meet the 
Town Main Road (Town Kotha Road Junction). It then turns northward 
along the Town Main Road and proceeds until it reaches AVN College 
Road. 
North : Starting from the north-western (NW) corner at AVN College Road, 
the boundary turns Eastward and proceeds along the AVN College Down 
Road until it reaches AVN College Junction.From there, it turns southward 
along Chengalrao Peta Road until it reaches Jamia Masjid. It then turns 
Eastward along Challavari Street, crosses Beach Road, and continues until it 
reaches back to the starting point at the Fishing Harbour Petrol Bunk 
Junction. 
35 East : The boundary commences at the north-Eastern (NE) corner located at 
the Jetty adjoining the Bay of Bengal. From this point, it proceeds southward 
along the natural seashore, following the coastal alignment. It continues 
along the shoreline until it reaches the Over Head Water Tank (OHT/OHC) 
near the jetty area. 
South : Starting from  the south-Eastern (SE) corner at the Over Head Water 
Tank, the boundary turns westward. It crosses Beach Road and proceeds 
along Soldier Peta Road, continuing until it meets the Town Main Road at 
Sadikhana. 
West : Starting from the south-western (SW) corner at Sadikhana, the 
boundary turns northward and proceeds along the Town Main Road, 
passing via the One Town Police Station, until it reaches Rajavari Veedhi 
Junction.From this junction, it turns westward along Rajavari Veedhi and 
continues up to MVDM High School Junction, further extending to Lakshmi 
Talkies Junction.From there, the boundary turns northward along STP Road 
and proceeds until it meets Town Kotha Road. 
North : Starting from the north-western (NW) corner at Town Kotha Road, 
the boundary turns Eastward and proceeds along Town Kotha Road, 
crossing the Town Main Road and continuing until it reaches Panja 
Junction. From Panja Junction, it turns southward along Panja Junction 
Road until it reaches VGH Hospital. It then turns Eastward along Kanchara 
Veedhi, passing via Hazrat Yaseen Baba Dargah, until it meets Beach Road. 
From there, the boundary turns southward to reach the Jetty Road near the 
Over Head Water Tank. Finally, it turns Eastward and proceeds to meet the 
starting point at the Jetty on the Bay of Bengal. 
36 East : The boundary commences at the north-Eastern (NE) corner at 
RajavariVeedhi Junction. From this point, it proceeds southward along the 
Town Main Road, passing via the I Town Police Station, until it reaches 
Soldier Peta Road at Sadikhana . From there, it crosses Beach Road and 
continues further southward to meet the Over Head Complex (OHC). 
South : Starting from the south-Eastern (SE) corner at the Over Head 
Complex (OHC), the boundary turns westward and follows the natural 
shoreline. It passes via the Venkateswara Temple, covering the entire Rose 
Hill area, and continues along the natural harbour compound boundary 
until it reaches the Railway Track near Ferry Road Slum. 
West : Starting from the above south-western corner point at the railway 
track, the boundary turns northward and proceeds along the railway track 
alignment until it reaches Lakshmi Talkies Road at Chilakapeta Junction. 
North : Starting from the north-western (NW) corner at Chilakapeta 
Junction, the boundary turns Eastward and proceeds along Lakshmi Talkies 
Road. It crosses STP Road at Lakshmi Talkies Junction, continues up to 
MVDM High School Junction, and further along Rajavari Veedhi Road until 
it meets the Town Main Road at RajavariVeedhi Junction, the starting point. 
37 East : The boundary commences at the north-Eastern (NE) corner at Poorna 
Market Junction. From this point, it proceeds southward along the Town 
Main Road until it reaches Town Kotha Road Junction.From there, it turns 
westward along Town Kotha Road, and then turns southward along STP 
Road, continuing until it reaches Lakshmi Talkies Junction. 
South : Starting from the south-Eastern (SE) corner at Lakshmi Talkies 
Junction, the boundary turns westward and proceeds directly to 
Chilakapeta Junction. 
West : Starting from the south-western (SW) corner at Chilakapeta Junction, 
the boundary turns northward and follows the railway track alignment. It 
passes via Seahorse Junction and continues along the railway line until it 
reaches Ramakrishna Rythu Bazaar Junction. 
North : Starting from the north-western (NW) corner at Ramakrishna Rythu 
Bazaar Junction, the boundary turns Eastward and proceeds along 
Durgalamma Thalli Temple Road. It continues along this road until it 
reaches  the starting point at Poorna Market Junction. 
38 East: The boundary commences at the north-Eastern (NE) corner at Turner 
Chowlatry Junction, the boundary turns  southward and proceeds  along the 
Town Main Road to meet Durgalamma Temple Road at  Purna Market 
Junction. 
South: Starting from the South-East corner at Purna Market Junction,the 
boundary turns  westward and proceeds along Durgalamma Thalli Temple 
Road up to Ramakrishna Rythu Bazaar Junction. 
West: Starting from the South-West corner at Ramakrishna Rythu Bazaar 
Junction,the boundary turns northward and  proceeds along Port Road up 
to Gangula Gedda 
North: Starting from the North-West corner at Gangula Gedda, the 
boundary turns Eastward and proceeds along the Gedda, crossing Bowdara 
Road, continuing along 75 Feet Road , then up to Dolphin Junction; 
thereafter turning Eastward along Police Barracks Road via Police Barracks 
and finally meeting Town Main Road at Turner Chowlatry Junction. 
39 East: The boundary commences at the north-Eastern (NE) corner at 
Asilmetta Junction, the boundary turns  southward and proceeds along 
Municipal Office Road via GVMC Office and Old Jail Road Junction, 
Prakasaraopeta and Jagadamba Junction, up to Police Barracks Road at 
Turner Chowlatry Junction. 
South: Starting from the South-East corner at Turner ChowlatryJunction,the 
boundary turns  westward and proceeds  along Police Barracks Road to 
meet 75 ft road at  Dolphin Hotel Junction. 
West: Starting from the South-West corner at Dolphin Hotel Junction,the 
boundary turns   northward and proceeds along Leelamahal Junction road 
and then continues  along  NeelammaVepaChettu Road up to 
NeelammaVepaChettu Temple and then,the boundary  turns Eastward and 
proceeds  along II Town Police Station Road  to meet Daba Gardens Road at 
BSNL Office and  thereafter the boundary turns  northward and proceeds  
along Daba Gardens Road via Ambedkar Circle and LIC backside road  to 
meet  Railway Station Road at Sangam Sarat Junction. 
North: Starting from the North-West corner at Sangam Sarat Junction,the 
boundary turns   Eastward and proceeds along Railway Station Road  to 
meet  Municipal Office Road at Asilmetta Junction. 
40 East: The boundary commences at the north-Eastern (NE) corner at  Vignana 
Bharathi School Junction,the boundary turns  southward and proceeds  
along NeelammaVepachettu Road via MGM School to meet  Leelamahal 
Junction. 
South: Starting from the South-East corner at LeelamahalJunction,the 
boundary turns   westward and proceeds  along Dolphin Junction Road  to 
meet  Dolphin Junction. 
West: Starting from the South-West corner at Dolphin Junction, the 
boundary turns  northward and proceeds along Geeth Sangeeth Road  to 
reach  Captain Ramarao Junction.From there, it  passes  along Allipuram 
Main Road to meet Kummari Veedhi Junction. 
North: Starting from the North-West corner at Kummari VeedhiJunction,the 
boundary turns  Eastward and proceeds along Kummari Veedhi Road and it 
passes  via Sri Kashyap School  to meet  NeelammaVepachettu Road at 
starting point Vignana Bharathi School Junction. 
41 East: The boundary commences at the north-Eastern (NE) corner at 
Allipuram Junction, the boundary turns southward and proceeds  along 
Allipuram Main Road  to meet  Captain Ramarao Junctio.From this point, 
the boundary proceeds along Geeth Sangeeth Road to meet Dolphin 
Junction Road at Dolphin Junction. 
South: Starting from the South-East corner at Dolphin Junction, the 
boundary turns  westward and proceeds  along 75 Feet Road.From this 
point, the boundary proceeds along Gangula Gedda, alignment and crossing 
Bowdara Road along the Gedda  to meet  Port Road 
West: Starting from the South-West corner at Port Road, the boundary turns 
northward and proceeds along Port Road to meet Gnanapuram Road at 
Convent Junction. 
North: Starting from the North-West corner at Convent Junction,the 
boundary turns Eastward and proceeds along Convent junction road to 
meet Railway Station Junction.From this point, the boundary proceeds 
along South Jail Road to meet Allipuram Main Road at starting point 
Allipuram Junction. 
42 East: Starting from the North-East corner at Railway Exhibition Ground,  the 
boundary turns  southward and passes  via Railway New Colony Junction 
and  proceeds  along Rail Club Road  to meet  Railway Station Road at Rail 
Club Junction.From this point, the boundary  turns  Eastward and proceeds  
along Railway Station Road to meet  Railway Station Main Entrance 
Junction and  thereafter it  turn southward and proceeds  along Railway 
Station Road  to meet  South Jail Road at Railway Reservation Counter 
Junction. 
South: Starting from the South-East corner at Railway Reservation Counter 
Junction, the boundary turns westward and proceeds along Convent 
Junction Road to meet Ambedkar Circle Junction.From this point,the 
boundary passes via Wholesale Vegetable Market up to Yerri Gedda 
Junction. 
West: Starting from the South-West corner at Yerri Gedda Junction, the 
boundary turns northward and proceeds along the railway track until it 
reaches Port Quarters Road. 
North: Starting from the North-West corner at Port Quarters 
Road,theboundary turns northward and proceeds along Eastward and it 
passes via PydithalliAmmavari Temple up to Thatichetlapalem Road to 
reach starting point at Railway Exhibition Ground. 
 
43 East: Starting from the North-East corner at Sangam Sarat Junction, the 
boundary turns southward and proceeds along LIC backside Road and 
crosses Ambedkar Circle Junction. From this point the boundary continues 
along Daba Gardens Road to meet II Town Police Station Road at BSNL 
Office. 
South: Starting from the South-East corner at BSNL Office,the boundary 
turns   westward and proceeds  along II Town Police Station Road  to meet  
NeelammaVepachettu Road at NeelammaVepachettu Temple and thereafter 
the boundary turns   northward  uptoVignana Bharathi Junction.From this 
point it turns  westward and proceeds  along Kummari Veedhi Road via Sri 
Kashyap School to reach  Allipuram Main Road at Kummari 
VeedhiJunction.Further,it turns northward and proceeds  along the 
Allipuram Main Road to meet South Jail Road at Allipuram Junction and  
thereafter it turns westward and proceeds  along the  South Jail Road to 
meet  Convent junction road at Railway Reservation Counter Junction. 
West: Starting from the South-West corner at Railway Reservation Counter 
Junction, the boundary turns northward and proceeds along the Railway 
Station road   to meet Railway Station Main Entrance Junction. 
North: Starting from the North-West corner at Railway Station Main 
Entrance Junction, the boundary turns Eastward and proceeds along the 
Railway Station Road and it passes via Dondaparthy Junction to reach 
starting point Sangam Sarat Junction. 
 
44 East: Starting from the North-East corner at Rama talkies HPCL Petrol bunk 
the boundary turns southward and proceeds along ramatalkies road to meet 
Rama Talkies Junction. From this point, it continues along Rama Talkies 
Road to meet Railway Station Road at Asilmetta Junction. 
South: Starting from the South-East corner at Asilmetta Junction, the 
boundary turns westward and proceeds along Railway Station Road and 
passes via RTC Complex to meet mandavaripeta road. 
West: Starting from the South-West corner the boundary turns northward 
and passes along mandvariapeta road to meet railway new colony road at 
D.no 46-15-32 and turn westward and proceed along railway new colony 
road to meet Dondaparthy Junction. From this point, it northward and 
continues along Akkayyapalem Road to meet Kummari Veedhi at   Gedda 
point. 
North: Starting from the North-West corner at the Gedda confluence, the 
boundary turns   Eastward and proceeds along the Gedda and passes via 
Nehru Bazar and BVK College, crossing Seetampeta Road and thereafter the 
boundary continues along the Yerri Gedda at Regional eye hospital. From 
this point, it extends northward along the TB hospital area road and then 
turns Eastward to to meet the starting point at Rama talkies HPCL Petrol 
bunk. 
45 East: Starting from the North-East corner at Kummari Veedhi Junction 
(Yerri Gedda), the boundary turns southward and proceeds along 
Akkayyapalem Road via Erukamamba Temple and to meet railway new 
colony road at Dondaparthy Junction and turns Eastward and proceed 
along railway new colony road to meet mandavaripeta road at D.no 46-15-
32 and turn south proceeds along mandavaripeta road meet railway station 
road. 
South: Starting from the South-East corner point the boundary turns   
westward and proceeds along Railway Station Road to meet Rail Club 
Junction. 
West: Starting from the South-West corner at Rail Club Junction,the 
boundary turns   northward and proceeds along Thatichetlapalem Road to 
meet Railway New Colony Junction at the Yerri Gedda point. 
North: Starting from the North-West corner at Yerri Gedda, the boundary 
turns Eastward and proceeds along the Gedda to meet Akkayyapalem Road 
at starting point Kummari Veedhi Junction. 
46 East:Starting from the north-East corner of the Akkayyapalem 80 Feet Road 
situated at vijaya Krishna residency D.no 44-38-12/2 of Srinivas nagar street 
then turns  southwards runs along srinivasnagar street upto D.no 44-37-33 
of Srinivas nagar street  then turns westwards starting at D.no 44-37-34/A/1 
runs along srinivasnagar street  up to D.no 44-15-24/AB/10 of  Railway new 
colony road then turns  southwards starting at D.no 44-15-21 runs along 
Railway new colony road upto D.no.44-25-9 Railway new colony main road. 
South:Starting from the above point, i.e., from D.no 44-25-9 Railway new 
colony road  the boundary turns  westwards  runs upto railway new colony 
junction. 
West:Starting from the above point, i.e., from Railway new colony junction  
the boundary turns northwards along the Tatichetlapalem  VIP road up to 
Tatichetlapalem 80 feet road junction. 
North:Starting from the above point, i.e., from Tatichetlapalem 80 feet road 
junction the boundary turns Eastwards along Akkayyapalem 80 feet road 
and reaches the starting point i.e., the north East corner of Akkayyapalem 80 
feet road at Vijaya  Krishna residency 44-38-12/2 Srinivas nagar street. 
47 East:Starting from D.No. 44-37-5/2, situated at the north-East corner of 
Srinivas Nagar, the boundary runs southwards up to D.No. 44-35-20/1 of  
srinivasanagar; then it turns westwards up to D.No. 44-34-73/ of 
nandagirinagar; thereafter it proceeds southwards up to D.No. 44-34-21 of 
nandagirinagar ; then it turns Eastwards along the drain boundary via 
APEPDCL office up to D.No. 45-40-16/10 of jagannadhapuram; and further 
runs southwards along Akkayyapalem Main Road up to D.No. 45-40-1of 
jagannadhapuram near yerrigedda. 
South:Starting from D.No.45-40-1 akkayyapalem main road, the boundary 
runs westwards along the drain (Yerrigedda) up to D.No. 44-26-1/1, 
situated on Railway New Colony Road. 
West:Starting from D.No 44-26-1/1 railway new colony, the boundary runs 
northwards along Railway New Colony Road  up to D.No. 44-15-110 
thatichetlapalem. 
North:Starting from 44-15-110 thatichetlapalem, the boundary runs 
Eastwards  up to D.No. 44-37-5/2 and reaches the starting point, i.e., the 
north-East corner of Srinivas Nagar. 
48 East:Starting from the North-East corner located on NH-16 i.eakkayyapalem 
junction (near Shirdi Sai Temple) turns towards south and runs along 
akkayyapalem main road upto Muslim thatichetlapalem burial ground near 
Jaggarao bridge. 
South:Starting from the above point i.e Muslim thatichetlapalem burial 
ground and turns towards South-West and runs along yerrigedda via 
APEPDCL Office (33/11KV substation) & Burial ground 
Jaganndhapuramupto D.No.44-41-8 and turns towards West uptoChekkudu 
Rai building D.No. 44-34-25 at Nadagiri Nagar. 
West:Starting from the above point i.eChekkudu Rai building D.No. 44-34-
25 turns towards North and runs along Nandagiri Nagar Road uptoD.No. 
44-34-24/2 and turns towards East runs along Nandagiri Nagar Road upto 
Vadlamani Residency D.No.44-35-24/A and turns towards North runs 
along Ganesh Temple Road upto Temple Arch Entrance and turns towards 
West runs along 80 feet Road upto Vacant land beside D.No.45-2-60/58/6 
and turns towards North runs along Ramachandra Nagar Road upto 
D.No.45-2-60/24 and turns towards East runs along Rice Depo Road 
(Ramachandra Nagar) upto  Lalitha Nilayam D.No.45-2-40/6/3 and turns 
towards North runs along Drain via Madarasa building &Sadhikhana 
Kalyana Mandapam, finally meets NH-16  
North:Starting from the above point i.e. NH-16 near Sadhikhana Kalyana 
Mandapam and turn towards East and runs along NH-16 until it meets 
starting point i.e. North-East corner NH-16 Akkayyapalem Junction (near 
Shirdi Sai Temple). 
49 East:Starting from the NH-16 Highway at Gurudwara junction and then 
turn south along the Seethammapeta main road upto Dno.50-87-10/3 and 
then turn towards west and proceed uptoDno 50-85-10 and then turn 
towards south along the road and then turn towards west and proceed 
along the road upto Dno.49-29-1 and then turn towards south and runs 
along the sankaramatam Main road upto Dno.49-24-66. 
South:Starting from the above point turn towards west and runs along the 
drain upto the Akkayyapalem main road. 
West:Starting from the above point and runs towards North along the 
Akkayyapalem main road and proceed upto the maharani parlour junction. 
North:Starting from the above point and turn towards East and proceed 
forward along the 80 feet road upto the sankaramatamMain road and then 
turn towards North and proceed forward along the sankaramatam Main 
upto the NH-16 Highway and then turn towards East and proceed forward 
along the NH-16 Highway Upto the Gurudwara junction. 
50 East:Starting from the NH-16 Highway satyam junction and runs towards 
southwards along the bullaya college road uptoApepdclcompund wall. 
South:Starting from the above point and then turn towards west and 
proceed along Reddy hospital road uptoSeethammapeta main road and 
proceed along the drain beside Bvk college uptosankaramatamMain road. 
West:Starting from the above point and runs towards North along the 
sankaramatam Main road upto to D.no.49-29-1 and then turn towards East 
and proceed forward upto Dno.50-85-10 and then turn towards North and 
proceed forward upto Dno.50-87-9/5 and then turn towards East and 
proceed forward uptoSeethammapeta main road and then turn towards 
North and proceed forward along the Seethammapeta main road upto NH-
16 Highway at Gurudwara junction. 
North:Starting from the above point, turn towards East and proceed 
forward along the NH-16 Highway Upto Satyam junction. 
51 East:Starting from North EastNatukulasaikrishna home, D.No. 51-8-40/20  
upto NH-16 along KRM colony GEDDA and turn East along NH-16 
uptoMaddilpalem junction at CMR central ,turn south along 
resapuvanipalem road upto Swarna bharathi indoor stadium. 
South:Starting from the above point and proceeding towards the west along 
AP state financial corporation / Bulaya college road up to Dr. 
Lankapallibulayya college grounds. 
West:Starting from the above point and proceeding towards the north along 
old TB hospital area road up to NH-16 at satyam junction, turn west along 
NH-16 up to Demudu residency at TPT colony, P&T colony, Balayyasastri 
layout. 
North:Starting from the above point and proceeding towards the north upto 
Ken foundation society D.No. 50-48-17/2 at P&T colony turn Eastupto 
Health home the GYM at TPT colony, turn north upto Maurya majesty, turn 
Eastupto Sri varahalakshminarasimha swamy nilayam, turn south upto post 
office at P&T colony, turn Eastuptoseethammadhararaithu bazar road , turn 
north uptoAlkapuribakey at vuda complex, and turn East along JDS 
hospital road upto north EastNatukulasrikrishna home D.No. 51-8-40/20. 
52 East:Starting from northEast corner at door number 50-1-51/1 at ASR nagar 
and turn towards south along the 80' wide master plan road upto Alluri 
Seetharamaraju statue and turn towards East and continue along the 80' 
wide master plan road upto GVMC shopping complex and turn towards 
south continue along 60’ wide road upto GVMC solid waste management 
centre and turn towards East proceed along the Gedda upto door number 
53-26-6/1 and turn towards south and continue along Gedda upto door 
number 53-26-6/7 
South : Starting from the above point i.e., at door number 53-26-6/7, KRM 
colony turn towards west along the Gedda upto door number 53-26-12 and 
turn towards south proceed along the Gedda upto door number 53-25-32/16 
and proceed along existing 60' wide road upto GVMC commercial complex 
building at 80' wide master plan i.e., SeethammadharaRythu Bazar road and 
turn towards south and proceed along 80' wide master plan road i.e., 
SeethammadharaRythu Bazar road upto APEPDCL office and turn towards 
west and proceed along existing 40’ wide road  upto GVMC water supply 
office and turn towards north and proceed upto door number 50-46-2/A 
and turn towards west and proceed upto N.M.C high school front gate and 
turn towards south and proceed upto door number 50-48-21 and turn 
towards west and proceed upto door number 50-48-11/2 and turn towards 
south and proceed upto NH-16 and turn towards west and proceed on NH-
16 upto door number 50-121-76/5 at 4th Town Police Station. 
West: Starting from the above point i.e., at door number 50-121-76/5 at 
4thTown Police Station turn towards north along the 4th Town Police station 
road upto door number 50-121-63/1/1 and turn towards East and proceed 
along SeethammdharaNorth Extension roadupto door number 50-96-4A and 
turn towards north and proceed along the existing 30’ wide road upto door 
number 50-53-6/1 at Giri pradakshana road. 
North: Starting from the above point i.e., at door number 50-53-6/1 at Giri 
pradakshana road turn towards East and proceed along Giri pradakshana 
road upto door number 50-117-17/9 turn towards north and proceed upto 
door number 50-1-59/2/8 and turn towards East and proceed upto starting 
point door number 50-1-51/1 at ASR nagar 
53 East : Starting from northEast corner at Hill top turn towards south and 
proceed along hill upto GVMC water tank at Bilal Colony and continue on 
the 30’ wide road upto door number 50-1-51/1 at ASR nagar and turn 
towards west and proceed on 30’ wide road upto door number 50-1-59/2/8 
and turn towards south and proceed upto door number 50-117-17/9 at Giri 
pradakshana road and turn towards west and proceed along Giri 
pradakshana road upto door number 50-53-6/1 and turn towards south and 
proceed upto door number 50-96-4A at Seethammadhara North Extension 
road and turn towards west and proceed along Seethammadhara North 
Extension road upto door number 50-121-63/1/1 and turn towards south 
and proceed along 4th Town Police station road upto door number 50-121-
76/5 at NH-16 and turn towards west and proceed along NH-16 
uptoSankaramattam road junction and turn towards south and proceed 
along Sankaramattam road upto door number 49-52-1/2/1 at 80 feet wide 
road junction 
South: Starting from the above point i.e., door number 49-52-1/2/1 at 80 
feet wide road junction turn towards west and proceed along 80’ wide road 
upto door number 49-34-29/A at New Maharani Parlour 
West : Starting from the above point i.e., door number 49-34-29/A at New 
Maharani Parlour and turn towards north and proceed along 
Akkayyapalem 80’ wide road  uptoAkkayyapalem junction on NH-16 and 
turn towards East and proceed uptoVidyuthnagar lane road on NH-16 and 
turn towards north and proceed along Vidyuthnagar lane road upto door 
number 45-58-5/10 at Giri pradakshana road and turn towards East and 
proceed along Giri pradakshana road upto Visakha Sadan BARC guest 
house and turn towards north and proceed along hill upto hill top 
North: Starting from the hill top turn towards East and proceed along the 
top of the hill upto starting point. 
54 East: Starting from the north-Eastern corner of the Simhachalam 
Devasthanam hill top, the boundary runs southward along the 
Simhachalam Devasthanam hill upto the BARC Guest House area. From 
there, it turns west up to Royal Ruchulu Restaurant and then turns south up 
to NH-16. 
South: Starting from the above point, the boundary turns west and runs 
along NH-16 towards NAD up to Vasudeva Nagar, including the 1086256 
Sachivalayam area at Thatichetlapalem (NH-16 stretch). 
West: Starting from the above point, the boundary turns north from 
Vasudeva Nagar to Laxminarayanapuram, running along the MES 
compound wall up to Kailasapuram Bus Stop. It then turns East towards the 
Inorbit Mall Junction Road near Sri NookambikaAlayam, turns north and 
runs up to the rear-side 60-ft road junction of Inorbit Mall, then turns East 
up to the residential sheds of Inorbit Mall workers in the Simhagiri Colony 
area, and finally turns north up to the top of the hill. 
North: Starting from the above point, the boundary turns East and runs 
along the top of the Simhachalam Devasthanam hill back to the starting 
point at the north-Eastern corner. 
55 East:Starting from the North East corner of the Simhachalam Devasthanam 
Hill Top and turns towards south run along the Hill and meet at D.No. 15-
87 of Simhagiri Colony area runs along the steps up to D.No. 15-95 of 
Simhagiri Colony area and meet at 60 feet road and take turn toward West 
and run along the 60 feet road up to Inorbit Mall Road Junction and take 
turn towards south run along the 60 feet road on western side of In orbit 
mall road up to Sri Nook Ambika temple and turn toward West run along 
the 60 feet road up to Kailasapuram Bus stop and take turn towards south 
run along the western side of the MES compound wall passing via 
Laxminarayan Puram area and Vasudeva Nagar up to NH-16. 
South:Starting from the above point turns towards west run along NH-16 
up to D.No. 40-56-35 (Shalon church) of Sanjeevayya colony. 
West: Starting from the above D.No. 40-56-35 (Shalon church) of 
Sanjeevayya colony turns towards North D.No. 40-56-36 passing long the 
steps up to D.No. 40-56-46/13 of Sanjeevayya colony and turns towards 
North-West direction runs along the hill up to D.No. 40-1-24/102/2/2 of 
Kasturinagar 02 passing along the steps up to D.No. 40-1-24/101 of 
Kasturinagar 02 and precede along the Madhusudhan nagar road upto 
Madhusudhan nagar Bus stop and cross 60 feet road and runs along the hill. 
North:Starting from the above point turns toward East and runs along the 
top of the hill up to starting point. 
56 East: Starting from the north-East corner of the hilltop at Dr. No. 40-56-
46/13, proceeding towards the south up to Sanjeev Colony, Dr. No. 40-56-
36, and further south up to Logos Church, Dr. No. 40-56-35, reaching NH-
16. 
South:Starting from the above point and proceeding towards the west along 
NH-16 up to Urvasi Junction, reaching Nanna Cell Point and extending up 
to Dr. No. 36-93-356/2, Indiranagar-5. 
West:Starting from the above point and turning towards the north through 
Indiranagar-5 up to Dr. No. 36-93-353, then continuing north along the CC 
road through Peddakothuru, Suresh Ram Nagar, and Ambedkar Nagar up 
to Dr. No. 36-96-268 at Sweepers Colony. From there, turning East up to Dr. 
No. 36-96-261, then further East up to Dr. No. 36-96-227, and continuing East 
along the hilltop. 
North:Starting from the above point, turning towards the East and 
proceeding along the hill up to the north-East corner of the hilltop. 
57 East:Starting from the Madhusudhan Nagar Bus Stop, run towards south up 
to Police Colony Road and then turns East up to the turning point. From 
there, proceeds towards south upto Door No. 40-1-24/102 and then again 
proceeds towards south up to the hill point, then turns west and continues 
along the hill and runs along the common passage up to Door No. 36-96-227, 
turns north up to Door No. 36-96-261, and then turns west up to Door No. 
36-96-268. It further proceeds south along the CC Road through Ambedkar 
Nagar, Suresh Ram Nagar, and Peddakothuru up to Door No. 36-94-
287.From there, turns south-East up to the junction point, then turns East 
and continues along Jawaharlal Nagar Road up to Door No. 36-93-333/1. 
South: Starting from the above point, Door No. 36-93-333/1 at Jawaharlal 
Nagar, the boundary proceeds north and runs along the CC Road up to the 
hilltop. From there, it turns west and continues along the hill up to Door No. 
36-92-400/3 in Indira Nagar-01.It then proceeds along the common passage 
until reaching Bapuji Nagar UPHC. 
West: Starting from the above point i.e., Bapuji Nagar UPHC, proceeds 
towards north Jai Bharat Nagar and Srinivas Nagar, continuing up to Door 
No. 36-92-242. From there, it further proceeds north up to the 60' 
Madhavadhara Narasimha Nagar Road. 
North: Starting from the above point i.e., 60' Madhavadhara Narasimha 
Nagar Road, the boundary proceeds East up to the CISF Quarters turning 
point. From there, it turns north and continues up to the CISF Quarters main 
gate and again turn towards East proceeds along the Madhavadhara 
Narasimha Nagar 60' road up to Madhusudhan Nagar Bus Stop. 
58 East:Starting from north East corner  of the hill top and turn towards the 
south and proceed upto Madhusudan nagar bus stop and turn towards west 
and proceed along 60ft narasimhanagarmadhavadhara road and turn 
towards south at  Dr no 36-92-242 and proceed south towards 
Srinivasanagar and jayabharatnagar road continuing up to 
bapujinagarUPHC and turn towards East and proceed along the CC road up 
to Dr.no 36-92-400/3 and proceed along the hill top up to Dr.no.36-93-349 
and turn towards south and proceed along the CC road up to dr no. 36-93-
333/1 and proceed along CC road till it meets NH-16at Nanna Cell point, 
Indiranagar 5. 
South:Starting from the above point i.e. Nanna Cell point, Indiranagar 5 and 
turns towards the west and runs along the NH 16 Road via Government 
Polytechnic College up to Southwest corner of Government Polytechnic 
College compound wall at Surya Nagar 1. 
West:Starting from the above point i.e Southwest corner of Government 
Polytechnic College compound wall turns towards north and runs along the 
West compound wall Government Polytechnic College and meets Anjaneya 
Swamy temple and runs along PR Gardens Road upto NGGOs Colony  bus 
stop  and turns towards East side at d.no 37-12-76 and runs along the 60 Feet 
road up to d.No 37-12-71/4 i. e, Southwest corner of CISF quarters 
boundary Wall and turns north side runs along  CISF quarters West  
boundary Wall and reach APEPDCL substation and  runs up to top of the 
hill. 
North:Starting from the above point turns towards East and runs along the 
top of the hill and meets the starting point i.e., northEast corner of the Hill 
top. 
59 East:Starting from NorthEast corner of the Hill top and turns towards the 
south and runs along the hill to reach APEPDCL substation NGGO’s colony 
and runs along the CISF quarters west Boundary wall and up to D.No: 37-
12-71/4 (i.e., Southwest corner of CISF quarters Boundary wall) and turns 
west side and runs along the 60-feet road NGGOs colony Bus stop and turns 
South at D.No :37-12-76 and runs along PR Gardens road to meet  Anjaneya 
swamy temple and runs along the west Boundary wall of Government 
polytechnic college and reach up to NH-16 at Surya nagar-01. 
South:Starting from the above point ie NH-16 at Surya nagar and turns 
towards the west and runs along NH-16 road via petrol bunk up to Sai ram 
nagar road. 
West:Starting the above point and runs towards the north along the edge of 
the hill slope and meets the Varma complex junction and runs towards 
north up to d.no 37-4-1/1 and turns towards East and runs up to  d.no   39-
8-36/5  near AI Raheem square and turns towards north reach to top of the 
hill. 
North:Starting from the above point I.e North west corner of Hill top and  
turns towards East and runs along the top of the hill and meets the starting 
point i.e., northEast corner of the Hill top. 
60 
 
East :Starting from the north-East corner of the Madhavadhara Hill Top up 
to D.No. 39-22-55/7/A, the boundary runs along up to the East Park 60 Feet 
Road Junction. Thereafter, it proceeds Eastwards along Madhavadhara 60 
Feet Road up to the Prestige Showroom and then runs southwards up to 
NH-16 Road. 
South :Starting from the above point, the boundary runs westwards along 
NH-16 Road from Birla Junction up to Passport Office Road. 
West :Starting from the above point, the boundary runs northwards up to 
Murali Nagar Sector-8 and thereafter proceeds Eastwards up to Bhaskar 
Residency (D.No. 39-8-36), and further continues up to Madhavadhara Hill 
Top. 
North :Starting from the above point, the boundary runs Eastwards along 
Madhavadhara Hill Top up to the starting point. 
61 East:Starting from the north-East corner of the Madhavadhara Hill Top and 
cutting the VUDA layout of mekas green view apartment bearing D.No. 39-
22-55/7/A and runs along the road towards south up to the East Park 
junction and turn towards East along Madhavadhara 80’00 road reaching 
upto Ram Sai Parlour Junction.   
South:Starting from the above point, the boundary runs from ram 
saiparlourwestwardsofraiwada water tank road along the NH-16 Road to 
Marriot Junction. 
West:Starting from the above point, the boundary runs northwards from 
Marriot Junction along the NSTL boundary wall up to Green Meadows. 
Thereafter, it continues northwards from the Electrical Substation up to 
Madhavadhara Hill Top. 
North:Starting from the above point, the boundary runs Eastwards along 
Madhavadhara Hill Top up to the starting point. 
62 East: Starting from the north-East corner at NH–16, Sharada Gardens, the 
boundary proceeds towards south Sai Nagar Street, reaching Door No. 38-4-
97 in Lane No. 5, and continues up to Maharani Veedhi Ramalayam Temple, 
and turns towards  west the boundary proceeds towards Door No. 38-8-36, 
then turns towards north and subsequently towards west at Door No. 38-30-
77, continuing up to Door No. 38-30-184/1 along Hussain Nagar Street. 
From there, it proceeds towards south up to the ration depot, then turns 
towards  west at Door No. 38-31-66, and further turns  towards north into 
Railway Quarters boundary Road. The boundary then extends  towards 
south of  Mohaddin Garden Lane in railway quarters  continues up to the 
compound wall of the Masjid burial ground at BRTS Road at South East 
corner. 
South: Starting from the south-East corner of the Masjid burial ground, at 
the BRTS Road to airport authority compound wall at BRTS Road  at South 
west corner. 
West: Starting from South-west corner of airport authority compound wall 
in  BRTSroad  and proceeds towards north along Sairam Nagar gedda 
(slum) and proceed up to Sri Nookambika Temple at NH-16  in North west 
Corner. 
North: Starting from North-west corner at Sri Nookambika Temple on NH-
16 and turns towards East and follows along the NH 16 and to meet the 
starting point at North East corner on NH-16 at  Sharada gardens  
63 East: Starting from the north-East corner of NH–16 at the 5th Town Police 
Station, the boundary proceeds towards South Old ITI Road, then turns 
right at Sai Ganesh Welding Works, and subsequently turns left at Sri 
Ganesh Plywood House then continues towards DTDC Express Building, 
and proceeds to meet the BRTS Road at ITI Junction at South East corner. 
South: Starting from the south-East corner at BRTS Road near the DTDC 
Express building, the boundary proceeds towards West along the BRTS 
Marripalem Road towards the compound wall of the Masjid burial ground 
at south west corner. 
West: Starting from the south-western corner at the compound wall of the Masjid 
Burial Ground adjoining the BRTS Road, the boundary proceeds towards north of  
Mohaddin Gardens and turns right along the railway boundary wall. Then 
proceeds towards Railway Quarters Road and then starts at  Door No. 38-31-66, 
continues towards the ration depot, and turns left at Door No. 38-30-184/1 in 
Hussain Nagar road.Thereafter, the boundary turns right at Door No. 38-30-77 in 
Sai Nagar road, turns right again at Door No. 38-8-36, and proceeds towards 
Maharani Veedhi Ramalayam Temple. From there, it turns left and continues up to 
Sharada Gardens on NH-16 at the north-western corner. 
North: Starting from the north-West corner at Sharada Gardens on NH–16, 
the boundary proceeds towards East along NH–16 towards the 5th Town 
Police Station at North East corner. 
64 East:Starting from the above point i.e., D.No. 40-34-8, Dharmanagar near 
NH-16, the boundary turns towards the south up to D.No. 40-34-12/1 of 
Dharmanagar and then turns towards the west, runs along Dharmanagar 
Arch Road and then turns towards the west along Dharmanagar to 
KancharapalemMettu Road up to Mutyammaba Temple, Kanchrapalem. 
South:Starting from the above point, Mutyammaba Temple, Kanchrapalem, 
the boundary turns towards the west along Kancharapalem BRTS Road up 
to Hamsa Honda Showroom, Old ITI. 
West :Starting from the above point, Hamsa Honda Showroom, Old ITI, the 
boundary then proceeds towards the north via DTDC Express Building, 
continues towards Old ITI Road and Fifth Town Police Station, and meets 
NH-16. 
North :Starting from the north-west corner at Fifth Town Police Station, the 
boundary proceeds towards the East along National Highway (NH-16) up 
to D.No. 40-34-8, Dharmanagar near NH-16. 
65 
 
East: Starting from the NH-16 runs towords south along with the 
Sadhikhana Kalyana Mandapam Compound wall via Madarasa Building 
runs along with south D.No. 45-2-44 and turn towards west Rice Depo Road 
(Ramachandra Nagar) up to D.No. 45-2-60/11/2 and turn toward south 
meet at 80 feet road and turn toward west uptothatichetlapalem 80 feet road 
junction and turn towards south upto railway Ground Gate. 
South : Starting from the above point, Runs towards west along Loco shed 
uptomutyalamma temple.  
West :Starting from the above point, from Mutyalamma Temple, the 
boundary turns north-East and proceeds along Dharmanagar Road up to Sri 
Kodandarama Temple. It then continues along Dharmanagar Inner Road up 
to Ambedkar Statue, Anganwadi-02 area. From there, it turns north and 
proceeds up to D.No. 40-35-3, finally meeting NH-16. 
North :Starting from the above point, i.e., D.No. 40-35-3 near NH-16, the 
boundary proceeds East along NH-16 up to Sadhikhana Kalyana 
Mandapam, thus closing the loop. 
66 East: Starting from the North East Corner at Putchaladibba colony E.Co. Rly. 
and turns towards West and runs along Drain and meets the under pass 
railway bridge at Pydimamba colony Tidco houses near 33kv Electric 
substation. 
South: Starting from the above point, turns towards NorthWest and runs 
along the Railway track until it meets Railway North E-cabin near 
Dayanand Nagar and turn towards North meets Railway track at 
Gavarakancharapalem Gedda and turns West runs along Railway Track and 
meets the Railway Culvert rossing near Subash nagar. 
West: Starting from the above point, turn towards North and runs along the 
road upto GVMC primary school and turns East at D.No.57-16-33 and runs 
along the road until it reaches D.No.57-16-5 at post office road and turns 
North and  runs along the road uptoD.No. 57-14-9 and turns North until it 
reaches BRTS road (urvashi junction). 
North: Starting from the above point, turn towards East and runs along 
BRTS Road uptoKancharapalem Junction (Kunchumamba temple) and runs 
SouthEast along Netaji bridge till it meets the Railway track intersection and 
turns towards East along main railway track upto starting point i.e, 
putchaladibba colony E.Co.Rly.Railway . 
67 East: Starting from the NorthEast corner at Urvasi junction runs along 
Gowrinagar Post Office road and turns towards South at D.No 58-14-9 and 
runs along post office road uptoD.No 57-15-20/2 and turns towards West  
upto GVMC primary School and turns towards South runs along Gedda 
and meets Railway track. 
South: Starting from the above point turn towards West along the railway 
track upto  Railway quarters and turn towards North runs along railway 
station road and turn towards West at Railway Institute and runs along 
Railway Quarters road upto Railway Senior section Engineer’s  Office and 
turn towards South and meets railway track and turns towards West runs 
along the main railway track uptoKarasa major drain. 
West: Starting from the above point, turn towards North and runs along  
Karasa street road and turns towards West at D.No 58-9-96/6  and runs 
along the street uptoD.No 58-9-114  and turn towards North and runs along 
the street uptoD.No 58-9-113 and turn towards NorthEast runs along the 
street uptoD.No .58-9-63 and turn  towards  North meets BRTS at D.No 58-9-
30/4. 
North : Starting from the above point, turn towards East and runs along 
BRTS road and meets Urvasi junction i.e, starting point. 
68 East: Starting from NorthEast corner of NH-16 near Nookalamma temple 
and turns towards South runs from back side of Sampath residency at 
D.No58-14-47/9-25 and runs along backside of Rockdale school and meets 
at Gedda at D.No. 58-14-47/2/2 Krishna Nilayam and passes along Gedda 
upto APEPDCL office and runs along compound wall of Airport Quarters 
upto BRTS road and turns towards West and runs along BRTS road and 
then turn towards South at New Karasa Saibaba temple arch road and meets  
at K.A.N.Residency (i.e)d.no 58-9-63 and turns towards West and runs along 
road till D.No58-9-113 and turn towards South and runs along the road till 
d.no 58-9-114 and turn towards East and runs along road till D.No58-9-99/3 
and then turns towards South till it meets main railway track. 
South: Starting from the above point, turn towards West runs along the 
Railway track upto NH-16. 
West: Starting from the above point turns towards North and runs along 
NH-16 upto Jindal Bhavan . 
North: Starting from the above point, turns towards East runs along NH-16 
Road uptoNookalamma temple i.e., Starting point. 
69 East: Starting from NorthEast corner at Madhavadhara Hill top and turns 
towards South and  runs along NSTL boundary and meets NH-16 road  
South: Starting from the above point turns toward West and runs along the 
NH-16 road crossing the NAD flyover and turns towards West and runs 
along the railway track upto Kakani Nagar road and turns towards South 
runs along the compound wall of Area Account Office( Navy) and turns 
towards East runs along the compound wall of Area Account Office( Navy) 
and turns towards West  at Vinodh Nagar and connects NH-16 and  runs 
along the NH-16 up to Viman Nagar Road at Container Corporation 
Limted.  
West: Starting from the above point and turns towards North and runs 
along the compound wall of INS Dega Vihar up to railway track.  
North: Starting from the above point turns towards East and runs along the 
railway track turns towards East up to railway crossing junction till 
Butchirajupalem and turns toward North crosses the Railway track and runs 
along the Ambedkar  street at Dr no : 1-21  up to Sai ram and sivalayam 
temple at Dr no : 1-4 and turns towards East connects Narva road( 
Kallupakala Area) and turns towards North and crosses BRTS road and 
runs along the Susarala Colony street up to NSTL Double Road at Dr.no:2-
90 and turns towards East and runs along the NSTL Road and turns towards 
North behind NAD Hospital at Dr no : 1-169 runs up to Susarala colony 
road no-2 and turns towards East and runs along Susarala colony road no-2 
and towards South runs along the NAD Hospital road and crosses NSTL 
Road and runs upto back side of Vishnu Priya Function Hall and turn 
toward East and runs upto HDFC Bank road  at Dr.no : 58-1-357 and turns 
towards North and runs along Bashyam school back side street at Dr.no: 58-
1-357/3 and turns towards North upto HNR Arcade and connects NSTL 
road and turns towards East runs along the NSTL Road upto NSTL 
Boundary wall and turns towards North and runs along the NSTL 
Boundary wall and turns towards East and runs along Simhachalam hill and 
turns towards East and  runs along the NSTL boundary wall.(i.e., Starting 
Point) 
70 East: Starting from the north East corner it turns towards South and  runs 
along the compound wall of NSTL upto NSTL double road. 
South: Starting from the above point it turn towards West and runs along 
the road upto HNR Arcade and turns towards south upto D.No:58-1-357/3 
and turn towards south along Bhashyam School back side road and turn 
towards west upto HDFC bank road upto D.No:58-1-357 and turn towards 
south upto Vishnu Priya function hall backside and turns towards North 
along the road upto NAD hospital and turn towards west along the road 
uptoST.Tereas School and turn towards south along the road uptoupto ( 
Kallupakala Area) and turn towards west along the road upto railway 
bridge. 
West: Starting from the above point it turns towards North along the road 
upto D.No:5C-1065 and turn towards North along the road upto BRTS road 
and turn towards East along  Srinivas nagar road and turn towards west 
towards Bangaramma Thalli temple and turn towards north at D.No:12-
84/1 and runs along the road upto UPHC and turn towards west at D.No:1-
184 and turn towards north upto D.No:12-218 and runs along the road upto 
D.No:14-76 and turn towards north uptomodhakondamma temple and runs 
along the road uptosimhachalam hill. 
North: Starting from the above point of the Simhachalam hill, the boundary 
runs East along the Simhachalam hill i.e, starting point. 
    71 East : Starting from the north East corner at simhachalam hill near 
Modhakondamma Temple and turn towards south along modhakondamma 
temple hill bottom upto Door No: 14-76 and turn towards East along 
Kumari Kalyana Mandapam to NSTL road upto  D.No:12-218, Laxmi nagar 
and turn towards south along laxminagar road upto D.NO:1-184 and turn 
towards East along laxminagar road upto UPHC and turn towards south 
upto D.No:12-84/1 and turn towards East and runs along 
laxminagarraoduptoD.No : 12-74/37 via Bangaramma Temple and turn 
towards East and continue along Laxmi Nagar and meets srinivasnagar 
road and turns towards south and meets BRTS Road and turn towards west 
uptoD.No : 4-168/1 and turn towards south and meets at Railway Track 
South : Starting from the above point it runs along Railway Track 
uptoKothapalem underpass 
West: Starting from the above point turns towards north uptoD.No : 8-48/1 
and turn towards west and runs along LG Polymers boundary uptoD.No : 
8-121 and turn towards North upto D.No:8-117 and tun towards West and 
runs along the road upto Praise Prayer Church and turns towards North 
along Raithu Bazar Road and meets BRTS road and turn towards East along 
BRTS road upto Gopalapatnam Petrol Bunk and turn towards North along 
Simhachalam road upto APSRTC Depot compound wall 
North : Starting from the above point runs along Simhachalam 
Devasthanam Hill and meets the Modhakondamma Temple i.e, starting 
point. 
72 East:Starting from the northEast corner at R.R.Venkatapuram Junction 
towards south runs along the BRTS Road uptoRythu bazar road and turns 
towards west along the rythu bazaar road until  50 beds CHC Hospital 
back side road  and turns towards south  upto Bapuji nagar slum starting  
and turns west and south and then runs along LG Polymers open area and 
reaches the railway under tunnel of kothapalem and reaches Ganesh Nagar 
Junction and turns south west and runs along the drain starting at Dno : 3-
20/1/1 till community toilets  and then turns west and reaches the 
Kothapalem Main Road and then turns  south and runs along the 
kothapalem main road upto Bhagatsingh Nagar Fish Market.  
South: Starting from the above point towards west it runs along the 
kothapalem- Narava main road upto Bridge Beside MES Pump House and 
turns towards North and meets the downstream canal of Megadri Gedda 
and runs along canal                                                                                                         
West: From the above point, it turns towards north along the drain upto the 
railway track venkatapuram railway under bridge and turns towards 
Eastoppsite to ANDHRA CEMENT FACTORY and turns towards north and 
runs along the hill upto BANTA COLONY.   
North: From the above point, it turns towards East and runs along the Banta 
colony road and then reaches Padmanab Nagar School and runs along the 
drain starting from Padmanabnagar School beside till LG Polymers Ground 
and turns towards South upto LG Polymers Venkatapuram Road and turns 
towards East and runs LG Polymers VenkatapuramuptoVenkatapuram 
Junction connecting at NORT EAST corner at R.R VENKATAPURAM 
JUNCTION. 
73 East: Starting from the North East corner at Old Gopalapatnam road near 
railway track turn towards South upto railway track and turns towards 
SouthWest and runs along railway track and then runs along Narava 
Airport road and turns towards South upto Dega Vihar Boundary wall 
adjacent to National Highway. 
South:Starting from the above point it turn towards West along the 
Chennai- Kolkata highway upto STBL drive in theatre. 
West: Starting from the above point turns towards North and runs along the 
drain and passes through railway undertunnel towards NorthWest and 
runs along the drain andturns towards the North direction and ends at 
Narava bridge MES pump house. 
North: Starting from the above point turns towards East and runs along 
Naravakothapalem Road upto Bhagath singhnagar fish market and turns 
towards North and runs along the kothapalem main road towards North 
upto Community Toilets at Appalanarasimha Colony and turn towards 
North along the drain and passes along Railway undertunnel and reaches 
Railway station road. 
74 East: Starting from the NorthEast corner at railway track near 
Gavarakancharapalem Gedda and turns to South and runs along the Gedda 
until it meets the railway track near Railway North-E cabin near 
dayanandanagar and turns towards East run along railway track via 
underpass railway bridge near 33kv Electric substation and runs along the 
VPT Railway track till South cabin of VPT. 
South: Starting from the above Junction point turns towards West at 
intersection of port road coming from convent junction and runs along the 
road uptoSheelanagar junction. 
West:Starting from the above junction point, turns towards North and runs 
along the road until it reaches kakaninagar junction and therefore turns 
towards West and runs along the compound wall of AREA ACCOUNTS 
OFFICE(NAVY) until it meets kakaninagar road and turns towards 
NorthWest and runs along the road until it reaches railway track and turns 
towards East and runs along the railway track until it reaches the rail over 
bridge and turns towards North and runs along the road upto main Railway 
track. 
North : Starting from the above point ,turns towards East and runs along 
the Railway track upto old karasa area and turns towards North until it 
reaches at D.No.58-9-99/2 and turns towards East until it reaches at 
D.No.58-9-97 and turns towards South and runs along until it reaches 
railway track and turns towards East and runs along the railway track upto 
railway quarters area and turns towards North and runs upto railway senior 
section engineers office and turns towards East and runs along the road 
upto railway institute which meets marripalem railway station road and 
turns towards South and runs along the road until it reaches the railway 
track and turns towards East and runs along the railway track until it 
reaches the starting point. 
75 East: Starting from North East Corner at convent junction turns towards 
South runs along Port road connecting Railway track upto GVMC limits at  
Bay of Bengal (Ferry Boat line). 
South: Starting from the above point turns towards West runs along the 
Yarada Hill via Northen boundary of  Naval Sailors Colony uptoYarada 
ghat road and further runs along yarada ghat road uptoChintalova Y- 
Junction via Scindia- Yarada bus route and then turns towards North 
uptoGajuwaka -  Scindia road near Malkapuram Police Station and turn 
towards West runs along Gajuwaka-Scindia road upto Ram nagarcanara 
bank. 
West: Starting from the above point turns towards North runs along Gedda 
upto  HPCL compound wall upto Coromandel fertilizers further runs along 
Southern and Western boundaries of  Coromandel fertilizers upto Port road. 
North: Starting from the above point turns towards East runs along the Port 
roadupto convent junction i.e Starting Point.". 
76 East : Starting from North East corner of Yarada hill  near Bay of 
Bengal(GVMC Limits) and turn towards South and runs along Eastern 
boundary of naval sailors qautersuptoYarada village boundary. 
South: Starting from the above turns towards West passing through the 
Northern boundary of the Dolphin Hill upto the junction where the 
northern road abutting to Sunrise Holiday Home (Navy) and Dolphin Hill 
road meets at Himachal Nagar Hill top. 
West: Starting from the above point, turns towards North and runs along 
Yarada Hill top uptoD.No 71-31-1469  and runs along Karakarlova -
Chintalova hill road upto Adarsh Royal Vidhyalai . 
North: Starting from the above  point and turns towards East, runs along 
SCINDIA-YARADA ghatt road uptoyarada hill  along  Northen boundary 
of naval sailors qauters and meets at yarada hill  near Bay of Bengal i.e 
starting point. 
77 East : Starting from North East corner at Malkapuram police station junction 
and turns towards North uptoChintalova  Y -Junction turns towards East 
and runs along Scinida- yarada  Main Road uptokakarlova Adarsh Royal 
Vidhyalai and turn towards South runs along kakarlova hill top road 
uptoD.No :71-31-1325   and runs along hill road uptoD.No 71-31-1469 and 
run towards South along hill top . 
South: Starting the above point it turns towards West along DVOR(VVZ) 
Visakhapatnam upto hill top. 
West: Starting the above point towards North  and runs along the  hill top 
and turn towards East and travel uptoD.No :71-31-107/24  and turns 
towards East and run up to hill upto D.no:71-31-107/50 and turns towards  
North and runs along Durga Nagar High School road  upto Durga Nagar 
Junction and then turns towards WEST  along Nookambica-temple road 
connecting  Janata colony and Durga nagarroad  and turn towards North  
and runs along CISF quarters compound wall and COAST GUARD wall  
uptoGajuwaka-Scindia Road.  
North: Starting from above point turns towards East and runs along 
Gajuwaka-  Scindia road uptoMalkapuram police station junction. i.e 
Starting point. 
78 East : Starting from North East corner at Coast Guard Compound wall and 
Also continue along CISF quarters compound wall meeting at Janata colony 
- Durga Nagar Road and turn towards East and runs along Trinadhapuram 
Road upto Durga Nagar Junction and turn towards South along Durga 
Nagar high School Road  upto D.no:71-31-107/50. 
South: Starting from the above point turns towards West and runs along  
Durga Nagar Hill road upto D.no:71-31-107/24 and runs along hill upto 
D.no 60-32-50 at Ambedkar Colony hill top and runs along Ambedkar 
Colony hill road upto D.no: 60-33-14 and turns towards East along Janta 
Colony Road upto 60-28-11 near Carmel Church. 
West: Starting from the above point and turn towards Northuptobapuji 
colony drain and continue along the drain boundary and turn towards 
North at D.No :60-8-24 and continue along the road upto industrial colony 
road at D.No 60-2-59/1, and runs along defence compound wall upto SBM 
toilets and then turn towards Westupto play gorund and turns towards 
SouthuptoD.No 61-5-14/2 and turn towards East and runs along 
vignanvihar school road upto  60-2-25/2 and then turn towards Northupto 
Krishna bar junction . 
North: Starting from the above point runs along Gajuwaka - Scindia road 
upto coast guard Compound wall i.e, starting point. 
79 East: Starting from NorthEast corner at Krishna bar junction and  turns 
towards South up to D.No: 60-2-25/2 and then turn towards West along 
vignan talent School up to d.no : 61-5-14/2 and then turn towards South up 
to industrial Colony ground and turn towards East up to SBM toilets and 
turn towards South along defence compound wall upto industrial colony 
play ground at d.no: 60-2-59/1 and runs along industrial colony and bapuji 
colony road and meets at bapuji colony drain and meets at janata colony 
main road. 
South: Starting from the above point turns around West and runs along 
Yarada Hill and turn towards North and meets hill bottom at Murugan 
Temple at Indira Colony  
West: Starting from above point turns towards North and runs along  the 
Indira Colony  hill bottom at D.no:63-1-194/7 and turn towards East and 
runs along Gowri parameswari temple road and meets at the temple 
junction and turn towards North and runs along indira colony road and 
meets at 63-2-122 and turn towards West along Ashok Nagar junction and 
turns towards North and runs along Sriharipuram FRU road upto D.no:63-
5-206 and turns towards  East and runs towards MIG Colony  road via  
Vana durgamma Temple up to D.no:63-3-47/A and turn towards North and 
runs along Jawahar Nagar road up to D.no:63-3-61 and turn towards  East 
and runs along Pawan Putra Colony road  uptoYarada Housing Park 
compound wall and turn towards North and runs along compound wall up 
to Gajuwaka-Scindia road. 
North: Starting from the above point turns towards East and runs along 
Gajuwaka-  Scindia road upto Krishna bar junction i.e, starting point. 
80 East : Starting from the North East corner at HPCL boundary wall turn 
towards South along compound wall and turn towards 
WestuptoGullalapalemgedda and continue along geddauptoGajuwaka 
Scindia main road and  continue along  HPCL yarada housing colony  
compound wall upto  small gate of HPCL Yarada housing Colony. 
South: Starting from above point turns towards west along Pavan Putra 
Colony Road uptoD.No: 63-3-61 Jawahar Nagar and turns towards South 
along Jawahar Nagar Road uptoD.No: 63-3-47/A and turns towards West 
and runs along MIG Colony road via Vana Durgamma Temple upto 63-2-
122. 
West: Starting from above point turns  towards North and runs along 
Sriharipuram FRU road upto FRU  compound wall and turn towards East 
and runs along MIG  playground up to Indian Bank junction and turn 
towards North up to Gajuwaka –Scindia road and turn towards West up to 
Coromandel gate and turn towards North along  compound wall of 
Coromandel fertilizer 
North: Starting from the above point runs along hpcl compound wall i.e 
starting point. 
81 East: Starting from North East corner and turn towards South up to Indian 
Bank junction and turn towards West along MIG playground road up to 
Sriharipuram FRU road and turn towards South up to Ashok Nagar 
junction and then turn towards East to Indira Colony at D.No: 63-2-122   and 
then turn towards South up to Gowri parameswari temple and then 
towards West via Indira colony road up to Murugan temple hill bottom and 
turn towards  South up to Yarada  hill. 
South- Starting from the above point  from the  hill top, turn towards the 
Northupto Ganapathi Nagar hill top  at  D.no:65-6-472/4/6. 
West -Starting from the above point  turn towards Northupto D.No:65-6-
556/B and turn towards EastuptoD.No: 65-6-492 and turn towards North till 
bottom of the hill and turn towards East and continue towards Lakshmi 
Nagar road and turn towards North along GVMC School, Mulagada 
Housing Colony, and turn towards the East up to Alwar Das College 
compound wall and turn towards North along Alwar Das College 
compound wall uptoGajuwaka–Scindia GNT Road near Hanuman Temple. 
North-Starting from the above point at Hanuman Temple on Gajuwaka–
Scindia GNT Road and turn towards East up to Coromandel Ground. 
82 East -Starting from the NorthEast corner of the hpcl company moves 
towards the coromandal recreation club  /coromandal compound wall and 
then turns toward South GNT main road via coromandal company. 
South -Starting from the above  point at Coromandal junction turns toward 
West and runs along Scindia - Gajuwaka road upto Hanuman temple then 
turn towards SouthAndalamma college compound wall  and then turn 
towards west  and runs along Alwar Das polytechnic College and turn 
towards south upto GVMC School, MulagadaHoiusing Colony and turn 
towards West along laxminagar road uptoD.No: 65-6-492 at hill bottom and 
continue along hill road uptoD.No: 65-6-556/B and turn towards North 
uptolaxminagar hill top. 
West -Starting from the above point and then turns towards North runs 
along  himchalnagar hill road at d.no 65-6-709/1 at hil top and runs along 
himachalnagar hill bottom at 65-6-762/1 and turn towards East and runs 
along Gajuwaka- Scindia road  upto zinc gate and turn towards north and 
runs along zinc- mindi road upto with zinc compound wall and runs along 
Mindi Village and continue along Burial Ground Compound wall leading to 
Sravan Shipping.  
North-starting from the  above point and runs along Convent Junction -
Sheela Nagar Road from Sravan Shipping uptohpcl compound wall at port 
area(i.e Starting Point) 
83 East : Starting from North-East corner of the ward boundary i.e., from the 
junction at Zinc CISF ground runs along the Zinc Road towards South side 
and turn towards East side at road leading to Sivalayam and runs along the 
Zinc Road upto Zinc Main Gate Circle and turn towards South runs along 
the Zinc Road upto the Zinc Entrance Gate turns towards West runs along 
the Gajuwaka-Scindia Road uptoGajuwakaRythu Bazar Opposite to Bharat 
Petrol Bunk. 
South :Starting from the GajuwakaRythu Bazar Opposite to Bharat Petrol 
Bunk runs along the Gajuwaka Main Road towards West side upto the Raja 
Sekhar Reddy Statue, Old Gajuwaka Junction at NH-16. 
West :Starting from the Y.S.Raja Sekhara Reddy Statue, Old Gajuwaka 
Junction at NH-16 runs along the NH-16 towards North side upto APSEB 
Sub-station and turn towards East side up to the starting point of the APSEB 
Compound Wall (Southern side). 
North :  Starting from the APSEB Compound Wall (Southern side) at NH-16 
and runs along the Compound Wall towards East side up to the ending 
point of the Southern side Compound Wall and turn towards South side 
and runs along the Compound Wall up to Gudivada Appanna Colony Road 
and turn towards North side runs along Gudivada Appanna Colony Road 
up to Kalikamba Nagar Hill Back side meets at starting point of North-East 
corner at Zinc CISF ground meets at Starting Point. 
84 
 
East : Starting from North-East corner of the ward boundary i.e., from the 
Port Road runs along the road leading to Sravan Shipping Godowns and 
turn towards West side and runs along the road up to the North-Western 
boundary of the Sravan Shopping Godowns and turn towards South side 
and runs along the boundary wall of the Mindi Burial Ground and runs 
along the Old Railway track up to the boundary wall of the Zinc and runs 
along the boundary wall of the Zinc up to the Mindi High School and turn 
towards South side and runs along the Zinc Compound Wall up to the 
Kalikamba Nagar back side and turn towards the South side and runs along 
the Compound Wall up to the Zinc CISF ground and turn towards the West 
side up to the Kalikamba Nagar Hill Back and meet at the Gudivada 
Appanna Colony Road at Door No. 3-6-109 and turn towards South side 
runs along the Gudivada Appanna Colony Road up to the ending point of 
the South-Western side of the APSEB Compound Wall at NH-16. 
South :Starting from ending point of the South-Eastern side Compound 
Wall of APSEB runs along the Compound Wall towards West side up to the 
South-Western point of the Southern side Compound Wall at NH-16. 
West : Staring from the South-Western point of the Southern side 
Compound Wall at NH-16 runs along the NH-16 towards North side up to 
the Old BHPV Railway Track and turn towards East side and runs along 
Visakha Diary Compound Wall up to the ending point of Panchavati Gedda 
and turn towards North-Eastern side runs along the Panchavati Gedda and 
turn towards North side runs along the village road and turn towards West 
side runs along the Sri Sai Saarvani E.M School road up to the Door no.1-4-
3/2, Akkireddypalem and turn towards North side runs along the 
Panchavati road up to the Port road at Eastern boundary of the GAIL. 
North :Starting from the Port Road at Eastern boundary of the GAIL runs 
along the Port road at the road leading to Sravan Shipping Godowns meets 
at Starting Point. 
85 
 
East : Starting from the Port Road at Eastern boundary of the GAIL runs 
along the Panchavati road up to the Door no.1-4-3/2, Akkireddypalem and 
turn towards East side runs along the Sri Sai Saarvani E.M School Road up 
to the village road and turn towards South side runs along the village road 
up to the end of the Panchavati Gedda. 
South : Starting from the end of the Panchavati Gedda, turn towards West 
side and runs along the Compound Wall of Visakha Diary up to the NH-16 
crossing at Old BHPV Railway Track and runs along the BHPV Compound 
Wall (Northern side) abutting to the Gopisetti Bangarayya Garden's and 
runs along the Old BHPV Railway Track up to the culvert at 
Chukkavanipalem Road and turn towards North-Western side along the 
Western boundary of the Kumili layout connecting to the Steel Plant 
Railway Track. 
West : Starting from the point where the boundary of the Kumili layout 
meets Steel Plant Railway Track runs along the Steel Plant Railway Track up 
to the starting point of the railway bridge at the Gedda towards the Eastern 
side of the STBL theatre.  
North : Starting from the point of the railway bridge at the Gedda towards 
the Eastern side of the STBL theatre runs along the Gedda up to the starting 
point of the culvert at NH-16 runs along the South side of the NH-16 up to 
the Sheela Nagar Junction and turn towards East side runs along the Port 
Road up to the Eastern boundary point of the GAIL meets at Starting Point. 
86 East: Starting from the North-Eastern corner of the BHPV Compound Wall 
at NH-16 and turns towards the South side runs along the NH-16 up to the 
Auto Nagar Junction. 
South : Starting from the Auto Nagar Junction at NH-16 and turn towards 
the West side runs along the Auto Nagar Road up to the junction connecting 
Auto Nagar Road and SRMT Canteen Road and turn towards the South side 
runs along the SRMT Canteen Road up to the junction near VRL Office and 
turn towards the West side runs along the road adjacent to Navata Road 
Transport and Annoor Test Labs &Engg. Service Pvt. Ltd. to the South up to 
the ThokadaMarrichettu Junction and turn towards the North side runs 
along the Tokada Park road up to the Visakha Wire Roofs and turn towards 
the West side and runs up to the junction opposite to the SS 
PatashalaSmartkidz School and turn towards North side up to the 100 feet 
Auto Nagar Road and turn towards West side and runs along the 100 feet 
Auto Nagar Road up to the SAIL junction and turn towards the North side 
up to the MG Stockyard, Thunglam and turn towards the West side and 
runs along the 100 feet Auto Nagar Road passing through the Thunglam 
Railway Gate and up to the Fakeertakya Junction via Yadava Jaggarajupeta 
road passing through Bharat Dynamics Limited towards South side. 
West :Starting from the Fakeertakya Junction and turn towards the North 
side runs along the Kapu Jaggarajupeta road and turn towards East side up 
to the railway crossing and turn towards North side passing through the 
railway tunnel and turn towards the East side after passing the tunnel and 
runs along the Kapu Jaggarajupeta Road up to the tri-road junction at VSEZ 
Outgate (at Satthammathalli Temple). 
North : Starting from the tri-road junction at VSEZ Outgate (at 
Satthammathalli Temple), and turn towards East side passing through the 
Pendurthi boundary up to the Sri Krishna Sai Kirana & General Stores and 
turn towards the South side and runs up to the Sy.no.91 of Jaggarajupeta 
Village and turn towards the East side up to the Tri-road junction near 
Neetisha Enclave Apartment and turn towards the South side runs along the 
HP Gas Godown and Aanjaneya Swamy Temple up to the railway track at 
Vanamu’s Garden Home and turn towards East side and runs towards the 
railway track up to the North-Western corner of the Kumili Nagar layout 
and turn towards the South side along the old BHPV railway line up to the 
North-Western corner of the BHPV Compound Wall and runs along the 
BHPV Compound Wall up to the North-Eastern corner of the BHPV 
Compound Wall at NH-16 meets at the Starting Point. 
87 East :Starting from the Auto Nagar Junction on the NH-16 and turn towards 
the South side runs along the NH-16 up to the Old Gajuwaka Junction. 
South :Starting from the Old Gajuwaka Junction on NH-16 and turn 
towards the West side up to the Lifestyle building at NH-16. 
West : Starting from the Lifestyle building at NH-16 and turn towards the 
North side runs along the Sujatha Hospital Road up to the North-Eastern 
boundary of the Celest Apartments and turn towards the East side runs 
along the road abutting to Celest Apartment up to the Drivers Colony road 
and turn towards the North side run along the Drivers Colony road up to 
the Dronamraju Kalyana Mandapam (GVMC) and turn towards the West 
side runs along the LV Nagar Road up to the Teak Tree Land and turn 
towards the North side up to the South-Western boundary of the 
GollapalluThokada Cheruvu and turn towards the West side and runs up to 
the RCC Engineering Pvt. Ltd. and runs along the 100 feet Berger Paints 
road up to the Tri-road junction at Berger Paints and turn towards North 
side to the West of the Shashi Enclave Apartment and runs up to the Auto 
Nagar Road at Eenadu Office, Thunglam. 
North :Starting from the Eenadu Office, Thunglam at Auto Nagar Road 
turns towards East side and runs along the BHPV Compound Wall up to the 
Auto Nagar Junction on the NH-16 meets at the Starting Point. 
88 East :Starting from the Gajuwaka-Scindia Road at Kanya Sri Kanya Theatre 
Gate and turn towards the South side runs along the Kailash Nagar road up 
to the Dhanvanthari Doctor’s Plaza at Kanithi Road and turn towards West 
side runs along the Kanithi road up to the Vantillu Junction and turn 
towards the South side and runs along the VUDA 130 feet road passing 
through the Anna Canteen up to the Samatha Nagar Junction. 
South :Starting from the Samatha Nagar Junction on the VUDA 130 feet 
road and turn towards the West side runs along the VUDA 130 feet road up 
to the KKR Water Plant Junction. 
West : Starting from the KKR Water Plant Junction on the VUDA 130 feet 
road and turn towards the North side and runs along the 100 feet road up to 
the Krshnadevaraya Junction (Jug Junction) and turn towards the East side 
runs along the Kanithi Road up to the Chinagantyada Junction and turn 
towards the North-Eastern road up to the Door No.26-13-17/1, Chaitanya 
Nagar and turn towards the North side up to the MAX Rehabilitation 
Hospital and turn towards the West side up to the Ramakrishna Heights 
Apartment and turn towards the North side up to the R.K.Hospital Junction 
on NH-16.  
North :Starting from the R.K.Hospital Junction on NH-16 and turn towards 
the East side runs along the NH-16 passing through the Old Gajuwaka 
Junction up to the Kanya Sri Kanya Theatre on Gajuwaka-Scindia Road. 
89 East : Starting from the Door No.23-3-6/1 at the Simhagiri Colony Road and 
turns towards the South side runs along the Pydimamba Colony Road up to 
the Panchamuka Aanjaneya Swamy Temple and turn towards the West side 
runs along the Dayal Nagar Lova road up to the GVMC Water Tank of the 
Dayal Nagar Lova and turn towards the West side runs on the top of the 
Dayal Nagar Hill and along the Siddeswaram Hill up to the Door No. 22-81-
1/32 and turn towards the South side up to the Door No. 21-68-7 and turn 
towards the West side runs along the Siddeswaram Hill Road connecting at 
Door No.22-59-5/1 and turn towards Easst side towards the top of the 
Konavanipalem hill and turns towards South side of the Konavanipalem hill 
at Door No.22-81-4/3 and turn towards South side of the Konavanipalem 
Junction and turns towards North side at Door No.22-81-10/1 at the tri-
junction along the Siddeswaram Hill road and turn towards West side runs 
along the Konvanipalem Hill up to the Door No.22-70-7/2 and turn towards 
South side runs on top of the Konavanipalem Hill and turn towards West 
side connecting at Door No.21-74-1 and turn towards South side towards 
Konavanipalem road up to the Door No.21-53-6/1 connecting at 
Siddeswaram Road. 
South :Starting from the Door No.21-55-3 at the tri-junction along the 
Siddeswaram road and turns towards the West side at Seethanagaram Marri 
Chettu road and runs along the Samatha Nagar 60 feet Road. 
West :Starting from the Samatha Nagar 60 feet road and turns towards 
North side up to the Samatha Nagar Junction and turn towards the East side 
along the VUDA 130 feet road up to Vantillu Junction. 
North :Starting from the Vantillu junction and turn towards East side runs 
along the Kanithi road up to the Madeena Masjid road and turn towards the 
South side runs along the Masjid road to join Simhagiri Colony road at Door 
No.23-3-6/1 meets Pydimamba Colony at the Starting Point. 
90 East :Starting from the Y.S.Raja Sekhara Reddy Statue at New Gajuwaka 
Junction on Gajuwaka-Scindia Road and turn towards the South side and 
runs along the BC Road up to the Kakatiya ITI Junction. 
South :Starting from the Kakatiya ITI Junction on the BC Road and turn 
towards the West side and runs along the Simhagiri Colony Road up to the 
Door No.11-39-19, Seetha Rama Nagar and turn towards the West side runs 
along the Simhagiri Colony Road up to the Christadelphian Ecclesia 
Gajuwaka. 
West :Starting from the Christadelphian Ecclesia Gajuwaka and turn 
towards the North side and runs along the Madeena Masjid road up to the 
point where the Masjid road meets Kanithi Road and turn towards the West 
side and runs along the Kanithi road up to the Dhanvanthari Doctors Plaza 
and turn towards the North side runs along the Kailash Nagar road up to 
the Gajuwaka Main Road at Kanya Sri Kanya Theatre. 
North :Starting from the Gajuwaka-Scindia Road at Kanya Sri Kanya 
Theatre Gate and turn towards the East side and runs along the Gajuwaka-
Scindia Road up to the Y.S.Raja Sekhara Reddy Statue at New Gajuwaka 
Junction on Gajuwaka-Scindia Road. 
91 
 
East :Starting from the New Gajuwaka Masjid junction on Gajuwaka-Scindia 
Road and turn towards East side and runs along the Northern and Eastern 
boundary wall of the New Gajuwaka Masjid and turn towards East at Door 
No. 13-21-63 and runs up to the Door No.13-24-59/5 and runs along the 
Himachal Nagar Hill extending up to the Eastern boundary of the Defence 
Colony layout at Sy.No.85 of Gajuwaka Village. 
South :Starting from the above point and turn towards the West side on top 
of the Sy.No.86 of Gajuwaka Village connecting to Sri Kanaka Durga 
Temple at Sy. No. 274 Hill of Pedagantyada Village and turn towards the 
West side joining the road leading to the Northern boundary of the Vambay 
Colony and turn towards West side runs along the Northen boundary of the 
Vambay Colony and including the Burial Ground and Water Tank turn 
towards West side at the Water Tank and runs along the Priyadarshini 
Colony Road up to the Rajiv Gandhi Indoor Stadium right side and turn 
towards South side along the right side boundary of the Rajiv Gandhi 
Indoor Stadium joining the Vikas Nagar Road and turn towards West side 
runs along the Vikas Nagar Road up to the Vikas Nagar Junction on BC 
Road. 
West :Starting from the above point and turn towards the North side runs 
along the BC Road up to the Y.S.Raja Sekhara Reddy Statue at New 
Gajuwaka Junction. 
North :Starts from the above point and runs along Gajuwaka - Scindia road 
up to Masjid junction at Rytu Bazaar - New Gajuwaka meets at the Starting 
Point. 
92 East :Starting from the Kakatiya ITI Junction at Balacheruvu road runs along 
the Balacheruvu road towards South side up to the Y.S.Raja Sekhara Reddy 
Statue on  BC Road opposite to the Pedagantayda Newport traffic police 
station. 
South :Starting from the Y.S.Raja Sekhara Reddy Statue on  BC Road 
opposite to the Pedagantayda Newport traffic police station towards West 
side runs along the Pedagantyada MRO Office road up to the Nellimukku 
Junction. 
West : Starting from the NellimukkuJuction towards North side runs along 
the Seethanagaram Marri Chettu road up to the Siddeswaram road and 
turns towards the North side at Door No.21-53-6/1 and runs along the 
Dallivanipalem road up to the Konavanipalem junction at Door No.22-74-1 
and turns towards the East side and runs up to the Konavanipalem hill and 
turn towards the North side and runs on the top of Konavanipalem hill and 
turn towards East side at Door No.22-70-7/2 and connects to the 
Siddeswaram Hill Road and turns towards South side and runs along the 
Siddeswaram Hill Road and turns towards East side at Door No.22-81-10/1 
and turns towards East side and runs up to the Door No.22-81-4/3 and run 
towards North side along the Siddeswaram Hill road up to the West side of 
the Siddeswaram Water Tank and turn towards North side along the 
Siddeswaram Hill road to the top of the Dayal Nagar Hill runs along the 
Hill and turns towards the South side of the GVMC Water Tank of the Dayal 
Nagar Lova and turn towards the Dayal Nagar Lova road up to the 
Panchamuka Aanjaneya Swamy Temple and turn towards the North side 
and runs along the Pydimamba Colony road connecting to the Simhagiri 
Colony Road at Door No.23-3-6/1. 
North :Starting from the Door No. 23-3-6/1 at Simhagiri Colony Road and 
turn towards the East side runs along the Simhagiri Colony Road up to the 
Kakatiya ITI Junction at Balacheruvu road meets at the Starting point. 
93 East :Starting from the Eastern boundary of the Defence Colony layout at 
Sy.No.85 of Gajuwaka Village up to the boundary of the GVMC West Zone 
at Sy.No.1 of the Yarada Village. 
South :  Starting from the above point and turns towards West side along 
the Sy.No.274 of the Pedagantyada Village up to the Vambay Colony 
excluding the building blocks 18, 19, 20, 21, 26 and 27 and turn towards 
South side runs along the Eastern boundary of the Ashok Nagar up to the 
Yedugulla point and turn towards South on top of the Sy.No.274 of 
Pedgantyada (Hill) along the Eastern boundaries of the 
DibbapalemR.H.Colony and Yathapalem village up to the Door No.17-35-
30/8 of Venkannapalem and turn towards South up to the North-Western 
corner of the approved L.P.No.4/2011 and turn towards East side and runs 
along the Southern boundary of the Yathapalem Village up to the North-
Eastern corner of the APIIC Compound Wall and turn towards South side 
and runs along the APIIC Compound Wall up to the South-Eastern corner 
of the APIIC Compound Wall up to the Sri SriSriPydi Thalli Ammavari 
Aalayam, Venkannapalem and turn towards South runs along the road to 
the East side of the temple up to the road leading to Venkannapalem Village 
along the drain line from the temple and turn towards West side and 
continue along the road leading to the Gangavaram road and turn towards 
the West side runs along the Gangavaram road up to the Gangavaram 
junction on the BC Road and turn towards South side up to the road 
connecting to the PentamambaAmmavari Temple and up to the 
Kunchamamba Temple, Pedagantyada. 
West : Starting from the above point and turn towards the North side along 
the road abutting to PentamambaAmmavari Temple up to the South-
Eastern boundary of the A.P. Housing Board Colony layout and turn 
towards the East side at Door No.19-1-39/3, Godduvanipalem and turn 
towards North side at Door No.19-2-25, Godduvanipalem and turn towards 
East side up to the Door No.19-2-25/4 and turn towards North side up to 
the Door No.19-2-20 and turn towards East side and runs along the road 
leading to the open space abutting to the NeelapuveedhiSachivalayam and 
turn towards the North side up to the 60 feet CWC Road and turn towards 
the West side up to the Door No.19-8-1, Godduvanipalem and turn towards 
North up to the Door No.19-8-31, Godduvanipalem and turn towards East 
side runs along the Ayyannapalem road up to the Gondesi Street and turn 
towards the South Side joining the 60 feet CWC Road and Gondesi Street 
and runs along the Gondesi street up to the BC Road at Door No.19-24-24 
and turn towards the North side runs along the BC Road up to the Vikas 
Nagar junction. 
North : Starting from the above poit and turn towards East side runs along 
the Vikas Nagar Road up to the Rajiv Gandhi Indoor Stadium and turn 
towards the North side and runs along the road to the East of Rajiv Gandhi 
Indoor Stadium up to the Door No.14-22-2, Dayal Nagar and turn towards 
the East side runs along the Priyadarshini Colony Road up to the Water 
Tank near the Burial Ground and excluding the Burial Ground boundary 
connects to the North-Eastern boundary of the Burial Ground and turns 
towards East side and pass through the Northern boundary of the Vambay 
Colony connecting to the road leading to Sri Kanaka Durga Temple at Sy. 
No. 274 Hill of Pedagantyada Village and further connecting to the Eastern 
boundary of the Defence Colony layout at Sy.No.85 of Gajuwaka Village 
meets at the Starting Point. 
94 
 
East :Starting from the North East corner from Yarada Village and turns 
towards South side passing through Bay of Bengal Sea shore up to 
Gangavaram Container Yard and continue along the coast of the Bay of 
Bengal up to the Eastern corner Compound Wall of the Visakhapatnam Steel 
Plant. 
South :Starting from the Eastern corner Compound Wall of the 
Visakhapatnam Steel Plant runs along the Compound Wall of the 
Visakhapatnam Steel Plant up to the Tower where the distance marking 
no.597 is marked on the Compound Wall. 
West : Starting from the above point and turns towards North side and runs 
along Compound Wall of the Visakhapatnam Steel Plant towards passing 
through the Gangavaram Main Gate and up to the Gangavaram Junction on 
BC Roadand runs along the road to Gangavaram Village upto the 
Kongapalem Junction and turn towards North side runs along the road 
leading to the Venkannapalem and Kongapalem villages and turn towards 
North side at the drain before the Sri Rama Mandiram, Venkannapalem and 
runs along the drain passing abutting the Sri SriSriPydi Thalli 
AmmavariAalayam, Venkannapalem and runs along the drain up to the 
APIIC Compound Wall and turn towards the East side and runs along the 
Southern boundary of the Yathapalem Village and turn towards the North 
side and runs along the Eastern boundary of the Yathapalem Village and 
runs on top of the Sy.No.274 of Pedagantyada Hill and continues till the 
Yedugulla point and continues on hill top up to the Eastern boundary of the 
Ashok Nagar and ends at the building block no.18 excluding the building 
blocks 18, 19, 20, 21, 26 and 27.  
North : Starting from the North-Western boundary of the Vambay Colony 
building Block No.18 and turn towards East side excluding the building 
blocks 18, 19, 20, 21, 26 and 27 and runs along the top of the Sy.No.274 Hill 
passing through the Southern boundary of the Dolphin Hill up to the 
junction where the southern road abutting to Sunrise Holiday Home (Navy) 
and Dolphin Hill road meets and runs up to the Yarada Village meets at the 
Starting Point. 
95 East : Starting from the Siddeswaram junction and runs along the 
Siddeswaram Road up to the Y.S.Raja Sekhara Reddy Statue and turns 
towards West side and runs along SeethanagarmMarrichettu Road 
uptoNellimukku junction and turns towards East side and runs along 
Pedagantyada Tahsildar office road upto New Port Traffic Police Junction 
and turns towards South side and runs along BC Road uptoGondesi 
Residency (Door No: 19-24-24) junction and turns towards West side and 
runs along old ayyannapalem road uptoMusilinaidupalem Community Hall 
and turns towards North side and runs along Old Ayyannapalem Road 
upto Old Ayyannapalem Community Hall and turns towards West side and 
runs along Mollivanipalem street uptoNadupudu High School Road and 
turns towards South side and runs along Nadupudu High School Road upto 
60 feet CWC Road and turns towards East side and runs along 60 feet CWC 
Road upto Door Number: 19-6-50 and turns towards South side and runs 
along Old Ayyannapalem Street upto Door Number: 19-2-9 and turns 
towards West side and runs along Old Ayyannapalem Community Hall 
Road upto Door Number: 19-1-8/2 and turns towards South side and runs 
along Neelapu Street upto Door Number: 19-1-39/3 and turns towards West 
side and runs along Neelapu Street uptoPentamambha Temple Road and 
turns towards South side and runs along Pentamambha Temple Road upto 
Housing Board Colony Road and turns towards East side and runs along 
Housing Board Colony Road upto Steel Plant Flyover.  
South :Starting from the above point and turns towards West side and runs 
along Gangavaram Port Road uptoNadupuru Gedda.  
West :Starting from the above point and turns towards North side and runs 
along Nadupudu Gedda uptoKunchamamba Temple.  
North :Starting from the above point and turns towards East side and runs 
along Old BSNL office road upto the Siddeswaram Junction meets at the 
Starting point. 
96 East :  Starting from North-East corner of Samata Nagar Junction near Sai 
Baba Temple along 60 feet road towards South side up to Siddeswaram road 
and turn towards West side and runs along 30 feet Old BSNL road up to 
Nadupuru Gedda and turn towards South side passing through 100 feet 
(abutting to Nadupuru Gedda) up to Gangavaram Port road Housing Board 
junction and turn towards East side runs along Gangavaram Port road up to 
Gangavaram Port road Main Gate and turned towards South side up to BC 
Gate and turn towards South side and runs along Steel Plant compound 
wall till Bay of Bengal coast. 
South :Starting from Steel Plant compound wall at Bay of Bengal coast and 
turn towards West side along the Bay of Bengal Sea shore till near 
Appikonda beach. 
West :Starting from Appikonda beach Sea shore runs along back of the 
Sivalayam Temple and turn towards West side and runs along the Steel 
Plant Compound Wall till Steel Plant Main Gate and continue towards 
North side passing through the old Steel Plant Road till passing along the 
railway track connecting to the Kanithi road near the KBR Pump House. 
North : Starting from the junction where the old steel plant road connects to 
the Kanithi road near the KBR Pump House runs along the Kanithi road 
passing through Y-Junction and turn towards East side passing through 
Kanithi road upto Krishnadevaraya Junction (Old Jug Junction) and turn 
towards South side and runs along 100 feet road upto KKR Water Plant 
Junction and turn towards East side runs along VUDA 130 feet road till 
Samata Nagar Junction meets at Starting Point. 
97 East : Starting from the road junction at Dronamraju Kalyana Mandapam 
(GVMC) runs along Drivers Colony towards South side up to the backside 
of the Celest Apartments and turn towards West side run along the road 
abutting to backside of the Celest Apartments and turn towards the South 
side runs along the Sujatha Hospital Road up to the Lifestyle building at 
NH-16 and turn towards the West side runs along the NH-16 up to the 
R.K.Hospital Junction and turn towards the South side runs along the 
R.K.Hospital Road up to the Ramakrishna Heights and turn towards the 
East side at ChinagantyadaS.C.Colony up to the MAX Rehabilitation 
Hospital and turn towards South up to the Door No.26-13-17/1, Chaitanya 
Nagar and turn towards East side up to the Chinagantyada junction joining 
the Kanithi Road. 
South :Starting from the Chinagantyada junction on the Kanithi road turn 
towards the West side and runs along the Kanithi road passing via 
Krishnadevaraya Junction (Jug Junction) and Y-Junction up to the Durga 
Nagar Junction on Kanithi Road. 
West : Starting from the Durga Nagar Junction on Kanithi road and turn 
towards the North side runs along the Srinagar road up to the Door No.27-
1-159 and turn towards the West side runs along the Srinagar road up to the 
Apollo Pharmacy, Srinagar and turn towards the North side runs along the 
Srinagar road up to the Srinagar Junction at Mannapul Gospel Church on 
NH-16 and turn towards the East side runs along the NH-16 up to the 
Gajuwaka Police Station Junction and turn towards the North side runs 
along the Datta Sai Nagar road via Kunchamamba Colony up to the LV 
Nagar Road. 
North :Starting from the LV Nagar Road at Sri Rama Kirana & General 
Stores and turn towards the East side runs along the LV Nagar Road up to 
the Dronamraju Kalyana Mandapam (GVMC) meet at the starting point. 
98 East : Starting from the Eenadu Office, Thunglam at Auto Nagar Road turns 
towards West side and runs along the road up to the Shashi Enclave 
Apartment and turn towards the East side up to the Tri-road junction at 
Berger Paints and runs along the 100 feet Berger Paints road up to the RCC 
Engineering Pvt.Ltd. and turn towards the East side runs along the road up 
to the GollapalluThokada Cheruvu and turn towards the South side and 
runs along the road up to the Teak Tree Land and turn towards the East side 
runs along the road up to the LV Nagar Road and turn towards the South 
side runs along the road via Kunchamamba Colony up to the Gajuwaka 
Police Station and turn towards the West side and runs along the NH-16 up 
to the Mannapul Gospel Church, Srinagar junction and turn towards the 
South side runs along the Srinagar road up to the Apollo Pharmacy, 
Srinagar and turn towards the East side and run towards the Srinagar road 
up to the Door No. 27-1-159 and turn towards the South side runs along the 
Srinagar road up to the Durga Nagar junction connecting the Kanithi road. 
South :Starting from the Durga Nagar junction connecting at the Kanithi 
road and turn towards the West side and runs along the Kanithi road up to 
the Vizag Steel Plant Plaza Road at Steel Plant Police Station. 
West : Starting from the Vizag Steel Plant Plaza Road at Steel Plant Police 
Station and turn towards the North side and runs along the Vizag Steel 
Plant Plaza Road up to the Kurmannapalem Junction on NH-16.and turn 
turn towards the East side runs along the NH-16 up to the Culvert at Steel 
Plant Railway Line and turn towards the North side runs along the Steel 
Plant Railway Line up to the Thunglam Railway Gate. 
North : Starting from the Thunglam Railway Gate and turn towards the East 
side runs along the 100 feet Auto Nagar Road up to the MG Stockyard, 
Thunglam and turn towards the South side and runs along the 100 feet Auto 
Nagar Road up to the junction at SAIL and turn towards the East side runs 
along the 100 feet Auto Nagar Road up to the Eenaadu Office, Thunglam 
meets at the Starting Point. 
99 East :Starting from the Thunglam Railway Gate runs along the Compound 
Wall of the Visakhapatnam Wagon Repair Workshop and Steel Plant 
railway track up to the Vadlapudi flyover on NH-16. 
South :Starting from the point where the Steel Plant railway track and 
Vadlapudi flyover meet up and turn towards the West side runs along the 
NH-16 up to the Sairam Parlour, Kurmannapalem. 
West : Starting from the Sairam Parlour, Kurmannapalem and turn towards 
North side runs along the road leading to the Maruti Towers and turn 
towards West side at Maruti Towers and runs along the road up to the tri-
road junction at the North-East side of the Sai Heights Apartment and turn 
towards the North side runs along the Santha Mamadi Thota Road joining 
the Vadlapudi 60 feet road and turn towards the West side runs along the 
Vadlapudi 60 feet road up to the South-Eastern side of the Ambedkar Junior 
College Ground and turn towards the North side runs along the 
Lakhmipuram Colony Road joining the Vadlapudi SC Colony 60 feet road 
and turn towards the East side runs along the Vadlapudi SC Colony 60 feet 
road and turn towards the North side runs along the Kanithi High School 
Road joining to the Siddhartha Nagar Road and turn towards East side runs 
along the Siddhartha Nagar Road up to the Gandhi Statue junction (Kalinga 
Street) and turn towards the South side runs along the Kanithi Colony 80 
feet road up to the 4-road junction leading to Ferry Alloys Road and turn 
towards East side run towards the  Ferry Alloys Road  up to the NTR 
Colony and further connecting to Shivaji Nagar Road  up to the Open Space 
of L.P.No.4/2004 of Sivaji Nagar and turn towards South side and runs 
along the road up to the Door No.28-77-3 and turn towards East side runs 
along the NTR Colony  Road joining the 100 feet APIIC Road and turn 
towards the North side runs along the 100 feet APIIC Road  up to the  tri-
junction connecting the Yadava Jaggarajupeta Road. 
North :Starting from the tri-junction on the Yadava Jaggarajupeta Road turn 
towards the East side and run towards the Yadava Jaggarajupeta Road up to 
the Thunglam Railway Gate. 
100 East : Starting from the tri-road junction at VSEZ Outgate (at 
Satthammathalli Temple) and runs along the Kapu Jaggarajupeta Road up 
to the railway tunnel and after passing through the railway tunnel towards 
South side and after crossing the railway tunnel turn towards the West side 
leading to the Kapu Jaggarajupeta Road up to the Fakeertakya Junction and 
turn towards the East side runs along the Yadava Jaggarajupeta Road up to 
the tri-junction at 100 feet APIIC Road and turn towards the South side runs 
along the 100 feet APIIC Road up to the NTR Colony Road and turn 
towards the West side and runs along the road up to the Door No.28-77-3 
and turn towards North side up to the Open Space of L.P.No.4/2004 of 
Sivaji Nagar layout and turn towards the West side runs along the Sivaji 
Nagar Road further connecting to NTR Colony Road and runs along the 
Ferry Alloys Road up to the 4-road junction joining the Kanithi Colony 80 
feet road and turn towards the North side runs along the Kanithi Colony 80 
feet road up to the Gandhi Statue Junction (Kalinga Street) and turn towards 
the West side runs along the Siddhartha Nagar Road up to the Kanithi High 
School Road and turn towards South side runs along the Kanithi High 
School Road up to the Vadlapudi SC Colony 60 feet road and turn towards 
the West side runs along the Vadlapudi SC Colony 60 feet road up to the 
North-Eastern boundary of the Ambedkar Junior College Ground and turn 
towards the South side runs along the Lakhmipuram Colony Road up to the 
South-Eastern boundary of the Ambedkar Junior College Ground and turn 
towards East side runs along the Vadlapudi 60 feet road up to the T-junction 
leading to Santha Mamadi Thota Road and turn towards the South side runs 
along the Santha Mamadi Thota Road up to the Sai Heights Apartment and 
turn towards the East side up to the T-junction at Maruti Towers and road 
leading to NH-16 and turn towards the South side at the T-junction and 
runs along the road leading to NH-16 up to the Sairam Parlour, 
Kurmannapalem. 
South :Starting from the Sairam Parlour, Kurmannapalem and turn towards 
West side runs along the NH-16 passing through the Kurmannapalem 
Junction up to the Kurmannapalem Police station. 
West : Starting from the junction at Kurmannapalem Police Station on NH-
16 and turn towards the North side runs along the Duvvada VSEZ Road 
along the Duvvada flyover and turn towards the West side to the road 
leading to the Platform No.3 of the Duvvada Railway Station and runs along 
the same road up to the Duvvada Railway Station West Gate and along the 
railway track from the Duvvada Railway Station West Gate up to the 
Talarivanipalem Village boundary at Sy.No.143 of Aganampudi Village and 
turn towards North side passing through Sy.Nos.147, 146 of Aganampudi 
Village and Sy.Nos.48,47,49,53 of Talarivanipalem Village up to the TIDCO 
Housing at Sy.No.55 of Talarivanipalem Village and turn towards the North 
side and runs along the Western boundary of the Sy.No.56 of 
Talarivanipalem Village and runs along the road abutting to the Northern 
boundary of the Sandhya Nagar up to the Northern tip of the Sy.No.91 of 
Duvvada Village. 
North : Starting from the Northern tip of the Sy.No.91 of Duvvada Village 
and turn towards the East side along the Duvvada Village Northern 
boundary up to the Sy.No.99 of Duvvada Village and turn towards North-
East side along the Sy.Nos. 1 and 2 of the Jaggarajupeta Village along the 
Vedullanarava Hill covering the Northern corner of the VSEZ compound 
wall upto the tri-road junction at VSEZ Outgate (at Satthammathalli 
Temple) meets at the Starting Point. 
101 East :Starting from the point where the Duvvada VSEZ Road and 
Fakeertakya Road meets runs along the Duvvada VSEZ road towards South 
side up to the NH-16 opposite to the Duvvada Police Station. 
South :Staring from the point on NH-16 opposite to the Duvvada Police 
Station run towards NH-16 towards West side up to the Aganampudi Signal 
Junction on NH-16. 
West : Starting from the Aganampudi Signal Junction on NH-16 turn 
towards the North side and runs along the Duvvada Railway Station Road 
up to the junction at Poultry Farm and turn towards North side runs along 
the Duvvada Railway Station Road up to the Nookalamma Thalli Temple 
and turn towards the North side runs along the Duvvada Railway Station 
Road adjacent to the Platform No.1 of Duvvada Station up to the Duvvada 
Flyover bridge. 
North :Starting from the Duvvada Station Road at where the Duvvada 
Flyover Bridge connects towards the South side runs along the Duvvada 
VSEZ road up to the point where the Duvvada VSEZ Road and Fakeertakya 
Road meets at the starting point.  
102 East: Starting from the northEast corner at the SY.No.147,146 of 
Aganampudi revenue village and Sy.No.47,48,49,53 of Talarivanipalem 
village upto the TIDCO housing at Sy.No.55 of Talarivanipalem village and 
runs towards south side along Aganampudi revenue boundary and cross 
the railway track and run along Boramamba Gedda up to the Agnampudi 
signal point. 
South: Starting from the Agnampudi signal point, turn west and run along 
NH-16 road up to Lankelapalem railway bridge and turn towards south and 
runs along railway track upto Sy.No.22 of Agnampudi village. 
West: Starting from the Sy.No.22 of Agnamoudi village and, turn northwest 
and runs along boundary line of LP.No.40/2006 crossing NH-16 and runs 
towards north side and runs along Homibaba Cancer Hospital compound 
wall uptoPharmacity RH colony and turns towards East side 
uptoGonnavaniaplem village and turn towards south side and runs along E 
Marripalem village road upto Hanuman Temple and turn towards East side 
and run along ABS school compound upto STEMS layout turn towards 
north side and runs along Gajuwaka Mandal boundary upto Tri-junction of 
Gajuwaka, Sabbavaram and Pendurthi Mandal. 
North: Starting from Tri-junction of Gajuwaka, Sabbavaram and Pendurthi 
Mandal and turn towards East side and runs along Aganampyudi revenue 
boundary meets at starting point i.e., Sy.No.147,146 of aganampudi revenue 
village. 
103 East: Starting from north East corner of the ward i.e., Visakhapatnam Steel 
Plant Arch at NH-16 and turns towards South and runs along Steel Plant 
Main road up to Hill top Guest House Junction. 
 
South: Starting from Hill Top guest house junction and turn towards west 
and runs along the VIP road upto 4 road junctions at Venkestwara Swamy 
Temple. 
West: Starting from Junction of Venkestwara Swamy Temple turn towards 
north side and runs along KV School via Sector 5 market road up to 
YelamanchiliAtuchuthapuram road and turn towards westside and run 
along YelamanchiliAtuchuthapuram road upto Hospital bus stop and turn 
towards north west along agnampudivepachettu road uptoYeleru Canal 
and turn towards west side and run along the canal upto NTPC railway 
track. 
North: Starting from NTPC railway track and turn towards north East run 
along the railway track uptoLankelapalem Bridge and turn towards East 
and runs along NH-16 highway uptoagnampudi signal point and turn 
towards north west and runs along Borramamba Gedda upto railway 
bridge. From there turn towards north East and runs along railway track up 
to Duvvada railway bridge and covering Duvvada station and turn around 
towards south west and runs along Duvvada station road up to agnampudi 
signal point and turn towards East and runs along NH-16 upto 
Kurmanapalem Steel Plant Arch near Duvvada police Station and meets 
starting point. 
104 East: Starting from the North-East corner of the ward i.e., KBR Pump house 
on the Kanithi Road and turns towards the South side and runs along the 
old Steel Plant Road up to the Steel Plant Main Gate and continue towards 
the West side and runs along steel plant boundary wall and turn towards 
East side uptoAppikondaSivalayam Temple backside uptoAppikondabeach 
near Bay of Bengal. 
South: Starting from Appikonda Village sea-shore runs along the sea coast 
of Bay of Bengal up to the Palavalasa Boundary GVMC limits. 
West: Starting from the Bay of Bengal sea-shore within GVMC limits at 
Palavalasa boundary, and turns towards the North side and runs along the 
Palavalasa village boundary along GVMC boundary line via Nadupuru 
Reserve Forest Hill, along PentasimaBonangi revenue village boundary 
crossing the southern tip of the Sy.No.65 of Desapatrunipalem Village and 
touching the NTPC railway track at Sy.No.70 of Desapatrunipalem Village 
and turn towards North side till NTPC railway underpass at Sy.No.105 of 
Desapatrunipalem Village along the GVMC limits. 
North: Starting from the NTPC railway underpass at Sy.No.105 of 
Desapatrunipalem Village along the GVMC boundary line and turns 
towards East side runs along the Power Grid Road and turn towards South-
Eastern side at 4-road junction towards VIP Road and runs along VIP road 
joining the Vizag Steel Plant Plaza road and turn towards North side and 
runs along the Vizag Steel Plant Plaza road up to the T-junction near Steel 
Plant Police Station and turn towards East side and runs along the Kanithi 
road up to the KBR pump house, meets at the starting point. 
105 East: Starting from north East corner of the word i.e., Junction on the 
YelamanchiliAtuchuthapuram road near the Steel Plant Administrative 
building and turn towards the South side up to the Trishna Grounds and 
turn towards the East side circling around the Trishna Grounds and turn 
towards the South side joining to the VIP Road at Sri Venkateswara Swamy 
temple. 
South: Starting from the VIP Road near Sri Venkateswara Swamy temple 
and turns towards West side and runs along power grid road up to NTPC 
Railway bridge at Despatrunipalem. 
West: Starting from the NTPC Railway bridge at Despatrunipalem and 
turns towards North and runs along NTPC Railway track up to Yeleru 
Canal. 
North: Starting from the Yeleru canal and turns towards East and runs 
along Yeleru Canal upto Steel Plant General Hospital Road and turns 
towards South and runs along Steel Plant General Hospital Road up to steel 
plant administrative building and meets at the starting point. 
106 East: Starting from the northEast corner at the Tri-junction of the revenue 
villages of Gajuwaka, Sabbavaram and Pendurthi Mandal, turn towards 
south side and runs along Parawada mandal boundary upto STEMS layout 
boundary and turn towards west side and runs along ABS public school 
boundary upto Hanuman Temple and turn towards north and runs along E 
Marriaplem village road uptoGonnavanipalem village and turn towards 
west side and runs uptoPharmacity RH Colony boundary and turn towards 
south side and runs along Pharmacity RH Colony and abutting to 
Homibaba Cancer Hospital compound wall and crossing boundary line of 
LP.No.40/2006 upto NTPC railway track and turn towards south side and 
runs along NTPC railway track upto Sy.No.105 of Despatrunipalem revenue 
village of GVMC limits. 
South: Starting at NTPC railway track at Sy.No.105 of Despatrunipalem 
revenue village of GVMC limits and turn towards west side and runs along 
Despatrunipalem revenue village along GVMC boundary line upto 
Sy.No.220 of Despatrunipalem. 
West: Starting from the Sy.No.220 of Despatrunipalem along the GVMC 
boundary line and turn towards north side and runs along Despatrunipalem 
revenue village boundary along GVMC boundary line uptoGenix UPVC 
windows industry and turn towards north side and runs along JNPC 
compound wall uptoYeleru Canal and turn towards west side and runs 
along Yeleru canal upto Tadi Revenue village boundary and turn towards 
south side and runs along JNPC compound wall upto Tadi village boundary 
within GVMC limits and turn around towards north and runs along Tadi 
revenue village boundary crossing NH-16 and till Sirasapalli boundary line 
Salapuvanipalem Village within GVMC limits 
North: Starting from the Salapuvanipalem village at NH-16 Highway within 
GVMC limits and turn towards north side and runs along Tadi revenue 
village and Mantripalem revenue village along GVMC boundary line  and 
abutting Sy.Nos.166/1 to 166/17, 167/1 to 167/5, 168/1 to 168/7, 168/9, 
169/1 to 169/19 of Mantripalem (V) and runs along Mantripalem revenue 
boundary and meets at Lankelapalem and Sabbavaram road and runs along 
Parawada Mandal boundary and abutting north side of Kanumooru hill and 
meets at starting point i.e., Tri-junction of the revenue villages of Gajuwaka, 
Sabbavaram and Pendurthi Mandal. 
107 East: Starting from Survey No. 41 of Koppaka village at the north-Eastern 
corner, the boundary proceeds southwards along the GVMC boundary, 
crosses the NH-16 road at Sirasapalli, continues along the boundary of 
Rajupalem village, crosses the railway track, and thereafter crosses the 
Yeleru Canal. It further proceeds along the Eastern boundary of Rajupalem 
village and finally reaches Survey No. 159 of Valluru village at the south-
Eastern corner. 
South: Starting from Survey No. 159 of Valluru village at the south-Eastern 
corner, the boundary proceeds westwards along the GVMC boundary, 
adjoining the boundary of Thotada village, and continues along the Sharada 
River branch canal (Ava Canal) up to Survey No. 376 of the Thotada village 
revenue boundary. 
West: Starting from Survey No. 376 of the Thotada village revenue 
boundary, the boundary proceeds northwards along the Thotada road up to 
the Anjaneya Swamy Temple located near the NH-16 road. From there, it 
turns Eastwards and reaches the KarrivariVeedhi Arch. Thereafter, it 
proceeds northwards along Karrivari Veedhi road and over Koneru Dibba 
up to the Chinna Ramaswamy Temple. From there, it continues in the north-
Eastern direction along the Dasari Gedda road, passing the Ambedkar 
statue and reaching the entrance of Sattamma Thalli Temple, where it turns 
westwards towards the GNT road. It then proceeds via Balakrishna Bus 
Stand up to the Ring Road Junction and again turns northwards near the 
fish market, continuing along the fish market lane, Neyyila Veedhi, and 
Yarravari Veedhi up to PillavariGorch. From there, it proceeds Eastwards 
along PillavariVeedhi up to the NTR Market Ring Road. Thereafter, the 
boundary continues northwards along the Market Road and the drainage 
canal up to the railway track. 
North: Starting from the railway track at the north-western corner, the 
boundary proceeds Eastwards, crossing the bridge on Sabbavaram Road 
and continuing along the railway track. It further crosses the six-lane road 
bridge and continues along the railway track up to the Koppaka NH-16 road 
bridge. From there, it turns Eastwards at the Yeleru Canal culvert and 
proceeds northwards through Golagam Revenue Survey Nos. 265 and 266, 
continuing along the GVMC boundary. Thereafter, it proceeds Eastwards 
along the revenue boundary of Kondakoppaka village and finally ends at 
Survey No. 41 of Koppaka village at the north-Eastern corner. 
 
108 East: Starting from the Sattamma Thalli Arch on the GNT Road and 
proceeding southwards, the boundary passes via the Sattamma Thalli 
Temple, continues along the public toilets and Dasari Gedda Road, and 
reaches the Ambedkar Statue. 
South: Starting from the Ambedkar Statue on Dasari Gedda Road and 
proceeding westwards, the boundary continues along Satakam Pattu Road, 
passing Kanaka Durga Temple and Gowri Parameswari Temple. Thereafter, 
it proceeds in the north-western direction along the Gangi Revu tree and 
Dibba Veedhi Ramalayam, passing the Aggimarri Tree Junction up to 
Neelakantha Rao Junction. From there, it again proceeds westwards via 
Chinna High School and Vegi Veedhi up to the ChintavariVeedhi Junction. 
West: Starting from ChintavariVeedhi Junction, the boundary proceeds 
northwards along ChintavariVeedhi up to the Perugu Bazaar Junction. 
North: Starting from Perugu Bazaar Junction, the boundary proceeds 
Eastwards along the GNT Road, passing the Ring Road Junction and 
Balakrishna Bus Stand, and finally ends at the Sattamma Thalli Arch on the 
GNT Road. 
109 East: Starting from the Ambedkar Statue on Dasari Gedda Road and 
proceeding in the south-western direction, the boundary extends from 
Chinna Ramaswamy Temple towards the south-Eastern direction via 
Koneru Dibba and Karrivari Veedhi up to the KarrivariVeedhi Arch at NH-
16. From there, it turns westwards and continues via the Indian Oil Petrol 
Bunk, reaches the Anjaneya Swamy Temple, and thereafter turns 
southwards along the Thotada village road up to Survey No. 376 of the 
Thotada village revenue boundary. 
South: Starting from Survey No. 376 of the Thotada village revenue 
boundary, the boundary proceeds westwards along the GVMC boundary 
up to Survey No. 191 of Nagulapalli village, where it turns northwards. 
Thereafter, from Survey No. 185 of Nagulapalli village boundary, it again 
turns westwards along the GVMC boundary and proceeds up to the village 
drainage canal (Pala Kendram) located at Survey No. 141 of Nagulapalli 
village boundary. 
West: Starting from the village drainage canal (Pala Kendram) located at 
Survey No. 141 of Nagulapalli village boundary, the boundary proceeds 
northwards along the GVMC boundary up to Survey No. 11 of Nagulapalli 
village. From there, it continues northwards along the Anakapalli–
Pudimadaka Road, crossing the NH-16 bypass bridge, passing Ummalada 
Junction and Ramalayam, and finally reaches Pawan City Center (Pool Bagh 
Road). 
North: Starting from Pawan City Center (Pool Bagh Road) and proceeding 
Eastwards, the boundary passes through Pool Bagh Junction and NTR 
Hospital, then turns southwards at ChintavariVeedhi Junction and 
continues along Vegi Veedhi. Thereafter, it again turns Eastwards via 
Chinna High School and Neelakantha Rao Junction, then proceeds 
southwards through Aggimarri Tree Junction and Dibba Veedhi 
Ramalayam. At the Gangi Revu tree, it turns Eastwards along Satakam 
Pattu Road, passes Gowri Parameswari Temple, and finally ends at the 
Ambedkar Statue. 
110 East: Starting from the Ellayya Canal Bridge beside the railway gate at 
Lakshmidevi Peta and proceeding southwards, the boundary runs along the 
Ellayya Canal up to the Wood Peta Water Tank. From there, it turns 
Eastwards through Sakha Veedhi and Naga VamsamVeedhi up to Malla 
Veedhi Junction, then turns northwards along Malla Veedhi up to Gandhi 
Bomma Junction. Thereafter, it proceeds in the south-western direction via 
TakasiVeedhi and Chinna Nookalamma Temple, continues through 
Mallavarapu Vari Veedhi up to the GNT Road, then turns Eastwards along 
the GNT Road up to Perugu Bazaar Junction. From there, it turns 
southwards along ChintavariVeedhi up to the junction of the One-Way 
Down Road and Chintavari Veedhi Road. 
South: Starting from ChintavariVeedhi Junction and proceeding westwards, 
the boundary passes NTR Hospital and continues along Pool Bagh Road up 
to Pawan City Center. From there, it turns southwards along Pudimadaka 
Road, passing Ramalayam and crossing the NH-16 Bypass Junction Bridge, 
then proceeds via JMJ School and continues along the GVMC boundary up 
to the Pala Kendram located at the Nagulapalli village revenue boundary. 
West: Starting from the village drainage canal (Pala Kendram) in the 
Nagulapalli village revenue boundary, the boundary proceeds northwards 
along the GVMC boundary up to JMJ School on the Pudimadaka–
Anakapalli Road. From there, it turns in the south-western direction along 
the Ummalada village revenue boundary, beginning from Survey No. 101 
and proceeding northwards along the GVMC boundary. It further continues 
along the revenue boundaries of Kothuru and Ummalada Panchayat 
villages. Thereafter, it proceeds westwards up to the Sharada River 
embankment, then turns northwards along the GVMC boundary, crosses 
the Sharada Bridge, and finally reaches the railway track at the railway 
bridge over the Sharada River. 
North: Starting from the railway bridge track over the Sharada River and 
proceeding Eastwards, the boundary continues via the railway under-bridge 
and finally ends near the Ellayya Canal Bridge beside the Lakshmidevi Peta 
railway gate. 
111 East: Starting from the railway track near the Oota Canal and proceeding 
southwards, the boundary continues along the NTR Market Ring Road and 
then turns westwards at Door No. on PillavariVeedhi Road, proceeding 
through PillavariGorch and the fish market up to the Ramalayam on the 
GNT Road. From the fish market, it turns northwards along the fish market 
lane, passing through Neyyila Veedhi and Yarravari Veedhi up to 
PillavariGorch. From there, it proceeds Eastwards along PillavariVeedhi up 
to the NTR Market Ring Road. Thereafter, the boundary continues 
northwards along the Market Road and Oota Canal up to the railway track. 
South: Starting from the Ramalayam on the GNT Road and proceeding 
southwards, the boundary passes through Perugu Bazaar Junction and 
continues up to Door No. 7-8-18 in Mallavarapu Veedhi on the GNT Road. 
West: Starting from Door No. 7-8-18 in Mallavarapu Veedhi and proceeding 
northwards, the boundary continues through Mallavarapu Veedhi and 
further in the north-Eastern direction along Takasi Veedhi, passing the 
Chinna Nookambika Temple Road up to Gandhi Bomma Junction. From 
there, it again proceeds northwards along Goods Road towards the west via 
Nagavamsam area up to the water tank near the BSNL Office. Thereafter, it 
proceeds northwards along the Ellayya Canal up to the Ellayya Canal 
Bridge beside the Lakshmidevipeta Railway Gate. 
North: Starting from the Ellayya Canal Bridge beside the Lakshmidevipeta 
Railway Gate and proceeding Eastwards, the boundary passes by 
Anakapalli Railway Station and finally ends at the railway track near the 
Oota Canal. 
112 East: Starting from the boundary of Golagam Revenue Survey Nos. 265 and 
266 at the north-Eastern corner and proceeding southwards, the boundary 
runs along the Yeleru Canal up to the Yeleru Canal culvert located at NH-
16. 
South: Starting from the Yeleru Canal culvert at NH-16 and proceeding 
westwards, the boundary continues along the railway track, crosses the NH-
16 six-lane road bridge, and thereafter crosses the bridge along Sabbavaram 
Road. It further proceeds via Anakapalli Railway Station and along the 
Lakshmidevi Peta Gate, crossing the under-bridge on Chodavaram Road, 
and finally reaches the railway bridge over the Sharada River. 
West: Starting from the railway bridge over the Sharada River and 
proceeding northwards, the boundary continues along the GVMC boundary 
adjoining the Thummapala village revenue boundary near Anjayya Colony. 
From there, it proceeds Eastwards along the GVMC boundary via the R&B 
Bungalow Road up to Gundala Junction. Thereafter, it again proceeds 
northwards along the GVMC boundary and continues along the 
Thummapala village road, further running beside the western compound 
wall of the Regional Agricultural Research Station, and finally reaches the 
north-western corner of the said institution. 
North: Starting from the north-western corner of the Agricultural Research 
Station and proceeding Eastwards, the boundary continues along the 
GVMC boundary, crosses the NH-16 and Sabbavaram Road Junction 
Bridge, and further proceeds along the Golagam revenue village boundary. 
Thereafter, it continues in the north-Eastern direction along the GVMC 
boundary up to the boundary of Golagam Revenue Survey Nos. 265 and 
266, where it terminates. 
113 East: Staring from North East Corner of Megadri Gedda Reservoir at 
Chintala Agraharam Village Railway Track passes towards South and runs 
along Megadri Gedda Reservoir East Bund and turns East at Porlupalem 
Village boundary and runs along the Vepagunta hill boundary and turns 
towards south at Banta Colony and touches the  Magadri Gedda cement 
factory road and runs along the road and turns towards north along the 
Banta Colony South side and touches the Vepagunta hill and runs along the 
hill boundary Cement factory road and touches the Meghadri Gedda 
reservoir downstream periphery and runs along Meghadri Gedda Canal 
upto railway track at Kota Narava. 
South :Staring from the above point and runs along Railway track and turns 
towards right along Vanamu’s Garden Home and turns towards the north 
side runs along HP Gas Godown and Aanjaneya Temple up to the Tri-road 
junction near Neetisha Enclave Apartment and turns west side up to the 
Sy.no.91 of Jaggarajupeta Village and turns towards the north side up to the 
Sri Krishna Sai Kirana & General Stores and turns towards west side passing 
through the Gajuwaka Mandal Boundary along VSEZ Outgate (Near 
Satthammathalli Temple) and runs through Sy.No.1 and 2 of Jaggarajupeta 
Village  via Ajanagiri, VedullaNarava, Aganampudi Revenue Village 
Survey No.146,147 uptoGangavaram Revenue Village Boundary along 
GVMC limits. 
West: Staring from the above point and runs along the Gangavaram, 
Nanginarapadu, Ajanagiri Revenue Village boundaries and Narava Reserve 
Forest along GVMC limis. 
North: Staring from the above point and turns towards North and runs 
along the Meghadri Gedda Reservoir West boundary along GVMC limits up 
to the North-East Corner of the Reservoir. 
114 East: Starting from the North East corner at Indrani function hall, BRTS road 
and passes towards south along the BRTS road Purushothapuram, 
Krishnarayapuram meets the Ramalayam at Vepagunta Junction. 
South: Starting from the above point and runs along Vepagunta village 
boundary through S.C. Colony& Rajaka Colony and meets 
VepaguntaPinagadi road and crossing the road and meetsVepagunta hill, 
Cheemalapalli Village boundary and runs along Mutyamamba Colony, 
Appanarasayya Colony and meets the Banta Colony and runs along the 
north side of cement factory compound wall up to Meghadri Gedda 
Reservoir bund. 
West: Starting from the above point and passes towards north along the 
Meghadri Gedda Reservoir bund, Railway Track up to FCI Godown along 
GVMC limits. 
North: Starting from the above point at FCI Godown and runs along the 
natural Gedda and village boundary towards East and meets the Burial 
ground and turns south runs along the Siddardha Nagar and meets the 80 
feet Datla function hall road and runs along the Natural Drain along 
Ratnagiri Nagar and meets the BRTS main road at Indrani Function Hall. 
115 East: Starting from the North East corner at Pendurthi Village boundary at 
Pulagalipalem road at Mondi banda and passes towards south along 
Pendurthi Revenue Village boundary meets Chinamushidiwada Village 
boundary at Nalla Quary and passes towards south along JNNURM Colony 
road hill boundary and turns towards South and runs along VUDA Colony, 
60 feet road and runs along survey no. 163 Cheruvu south-west corner and 
runs along Survey No.163 Cheruvu East boundary and meets natural drain 
and runs along the drain crossing natural drain and turn towards west and 
runs along the Sujatha nagar main road and turn towards south at A zone 
busstop60’ feet road and runs along the roadupto Vinayaka Temple and 
turns towards west and runs along the Sujatha Nagar Road and meets BRTS 
road at Papayyarajupalem Junction.  
South: Starting from the above point passes towards north along BRTS Road 
and turns towards west at Indrani Function Hall and runs along the Natural 
Drain via Ratnagiri Nagar, Siddardha Nagar and meets 80 feet Datla 
Function Hall Roadand turns towards West and runs along the natural 
Gedda, Chinnamushidiwada village boundary and meets the Railway Track 
near FCI Godown at Railway boundary. 
West:   Starting from the above point and runs along the Railway track and 
touches the Railway track at Parvathi Nagar area,  Chinamushidiwada 
Village.  
North: Starting from the above point and runs along the Railway track and 
take turns at Parvathi Nagar and touches the Pendurthi Railway Station 
road and runs along the road and turns towards northat Prakash Nagar and 
runs along the road meets Coromandel Paints Company Boundary and 
turns towards East and runs along the boundary upto BRTS road, crossing 
the road and runs towards East along the Pendurthi Junior College 
Boundary meets Venkatadri Hill Boundary upto Nalla Quarry and turns 
towards north and runs along Nalla Quarry Road passing through Teacher’s 
Colony and meets Pulagalipalem Main Road at Mondibanda Area at 
Hanuman Temple and turns towards East and runs along the road up 
toPendurthi Village Boundary. 
116 East:  Starting from the North East corner near Ayyappaswamy temple area 
road crossing the Anandapuram Highway near Ayyappa swamy temple 
and runs along the Pulagalipalem Village boundary along GVMC limits and 
meets the Pulagalipalem Village Road at Mondibanda and runs towards 
south along Nalla Quarry Road passes through Teacher’s Colony and up to 
Nalla Quarry. 
South: Starting from the above point passes towards west and along 
Venkatadri hill meets Pendurthi junior college boundary and passes 
towards west and meets BRTS road, crossing the road and passes towards 
west along Coramandal paints company compound wall and turns towards 
south and runs along the  Prakash Nagar road and meets Pendurthi Railway 
Station road and turns towards west and runs along the railway station road 
and turns towards south at Jana Chaitanya Layout and passes towards west 
through Parvathi Nagar and meets railway station road and runs towards 
west up to railway boundary and turns towards south and runs along 
railway track up to FCI godown. 
West: Starting from the above point and runs along the Rampuram Village 
boundary along the Yerukula colony and cross the Anandapuram highway 
and runs along the Pendurthi Village boundary up to Saripalli village 
boundary along GVMC limits.  
North:  Starting from the above point and passes towards East along 
Pendurthi Village boundary and runs along village boundary crossing the 
Pendurthi – Kothavalasa Road and up to Ayyappaswamy Temple at 
Pendurthi – Anandapuram Road along GVMC limits. 
117 East: Starting from North -East Corner  at Pulagalipalem road and passes 
towards south along the Pulagalipalem Village Boundary along GVMC 
limits and meets Yerrakonda reserve forest boundary and runs along the 
boundary uptosimhapuri colony phase II and turns towards Eastand runs 
along the Yerrakonda boundary up to Nookambika temple at Jangala colony 
and turns towards south and runs along Jangalapalem road along shipyard 
layout and meetsVepagunta to Gosala BRTS road at Sainagar. 
South: Starting from the above point and passes towards west along the 
Gosala -Vepagunta BRTS road and turns left at Ganesh Nagar and runs 
along the road and meets the natural drain of Saimadhava Nagar and runs 
along the natural drain of Saimadhava Nagar and meets the Naiduthota 
Shankar foundation eye hospital road and turns towards west and runs 
along the road and meets Pendurthi BRTS road at Naiduthota junction. 
West: Starting from the above point and passes towards North along 
Pendurthi BRTS road uptoSivalayam street and turns towards East and runs 
along Sivalayam street road and meets VepaguntaGosala BRTS road and 
turns towards west and runs along the road uptoVepagunta junction and 
turns towards north and runs along BRTS road via Vepagunta, 
Krishnarayapuram, Purushothapuram and uptoPapayyarajupalem junction 
North: Starting from the above point  and passes towards East and runs 
along the natural drain touches Sujatha Nagar 60 feet road and runs 
towards north along the 60feet road and crossing the natural  drain and runs 
along the Survey no. 163 Cheruvu eat boundary uptoSouth West corner and 
turns towards north along the VUDA colony road and touches the 
Venkatadri hill boundary at Ambedkar Nagar and runs along hill boundary 
and touches the Pendurthi Village boundary at Nalla Quaryand runs along 
the Pendurthi Village boundary and touches the Pulagalipalem main road at 
Mondibanda and turns towards north along the Pendurthi village boundary 
along the Mondibanda and JNNURM colony and meets Pulagalipalem 
Village boundary. 
118 East: Starting from the North East corner at Simhadri nagar, Simhachalam 
hill boundary passes towards south along hill boundary up to Simhachalam 
Depo compound wall and turns towards West Simhachalam hill boundary 
runs along APSRTC bus depo compound wall and crossing Simhachalam 
main road and runs along the road up to Gopalapatnam petrol bunk 
junction 
 
South: Starting from the above point and passing towards north and runs 
along BRTS road and turns towards west at LG Polymers Road, RR 
Venkatapuram and runs along the LG. Polymers compound wall via 
Nandamuri Nagar, Padmanabha Nagar touches the Cement Factory Road at 
Banta Colony and turns towards north at Banta Colony and meets 
Vepagunia hill boundarv.
West: Starting from the above point and passes towards East and runs along
Vepagunta Hill boundarv along Appalanarasayya Colony andMutyamamba
colony and meets the Vepagunta Pinagadi road and crossing the road and
runs along the vepaguntavillage boundary along Rajaka Colony, s.C
Colony and upto BRTS roatl at Ramalayam Temple.
North: Starting from the above point passes towards south along BRTS road
uptoVepagunta junction anrl turns towards East along the Vepagunta
Gosala road and ru.s along the road upto sivalayam street and furns
towards south and rut-ts akrng the Sivalayam street and meets the BRTS road
and turns towards south anti runs along the Pendurthi BRTS road along
Naiduthota and upto Krishnanagar Vinayaka temple and furns towards
East and runs along the APEPDCL compound wall crossing the
simhachalam main road ant'l runs alor-rg the simhadri Nagar road upto
Simhachalam hill boundar),. 
_
East: Starting from the N.rtl-r Urr,
the Simhchalam road antl take turns towards Balaji nagar (Chandanapuri
Colony) road ancl passes l..g the simhachalam hill boundary upto
Simhadri Nagar.
South: Starting frotn the .rbove poirrt ancl turns towards west and runs
along the Simhadri Nagar Roac.l and crossing the Simhacham main road and
runs along the APEPDCL compourrd wall and natural drain meets BRTS at
Krishna nagar at Sri Lakshrni Ga'rnapathi Temple.
west: starting frorn the abovc point ancl passes towards north along the
BRTS road and runs alorrg the Pendurthi BRTS road uptoNaiduthota
junction.
North: starting from above point and runs towards East along the
119
Saimadhava Nagar road and turns towards north at Vinayaka temple and
runs along the Saimadhava Nagar natural drain passes towards East along
the Gedda up to Ganeshnagar road and turns towards north and meets
BRTS road and turns towards East and runs along the Vepagunta Gosala
road upto Gosala junction.
720 |
East The boundary starts from the. north Eastern corner of Kambalakonda
Reserve Forest and passes throughBRTS Road at Survey No. 51 Adivivaram
(v) and leading up to Simhachalam Hitl.
South: Starting from the above point, the route runs along the edge of
Simhachalam Hill, continues upto AfTSRTC Depot compound wall.
West: Starting from the above Point, runs towElrd north Simhadri Nagar,
and then turns west at Chandanapuri Colony and continuing Sai Baba
Temple road to meet Gopalapatnam Gosala Road near Prahladapuram.
From there, it runs along Gopalapabram Gosala Road junction and turns
west at Gosala Junction and proceeds towards Gosala-Vepagunta BRTS
Road And then turns towards north and passing through the natural drain
near Sai Nagar Colony, continuing along ]angala Colony Road, turning west
at Nukambika Temple, and runs through Shipyard Layout and Simhapuri
Colony Phase-II, leading to Erra Konda Reserve Forest.
North: Starting from the above junction passing through Errakonda Reserve
Forest and ends back to the Kambalakonda Reserve Forest.
W 0Cireater Visakhapatnanr
lulunicipal C orporation
&A*.
-ffi-1 
^'q"4
It-, p
96(',M